# Pankaj Kumar

## Contact Information

* Mobile: 07542032297, 9334690018~ E-mail: pankajkumardhni@gqmail.com


## Objective

* To work in an organization that appreciates innovativeness, demands analytical skill, provide a challenging
* performance driven environment and a wide spectrum of experience to grow & excel in my career. I aim to
* create meaningful contribution to the organization through my skills and abilities and to continuously improve
* on my professional knowledge and skill.


## Summary

* => A competent and detail-oriented Finance Operations professional with core strengths in Branch operations including
* Accounts Receivables, Collection, Bed debt management, CRM activity, Financial Analysis with expertise in CRM
* activity.
* => Currently associated with Poonawalla fincorp Itd (formerly known as Magma Fincorp Limited) in the
* capacity of Team Leader -Collections & Quality Control and leading Bihar & Jharkhand with composition of
* 11 Branches (2state). I also possess an impressive track record in identifying areas of bottlenecks/breakdowns and
* taking steps to rectify problems in finance and accounts while implementing controls with key focus on resolving
* complex issues. I am well versed in leading, mentoring & monitoring the performance of the team members to ensure
* efficiency in Business Operations. I have demonstrated ability in implementing service strategies according to the set
* targets and actively involved in controlling service deliverable as per given SLAs
* => With my multitude of competencies and cross functional work experience, I am confident to carry forward any
* company’s vision & objectives with enough ease by using my analytical, networking and managerial skills. My basic
* objective is to go an extra mile for ensuring the development of the team and utilize my knowledge and experience for
* finding techniques and solutions for enhanced productivity.


## Strategy Management

* => Designing and implement collection strategy, techniques and procedures for front-end, mid-range and hard-core
* collections.
* => Have experience of generating allocation logic based on delinquency, capacity, range, network and geography of
* locations.
* =>> Target setting and payout have been significant measures for planning.
* => Retention of accounts through payout strategy giving boost to collections
* =>> Staffing and manpower management at locations to achieve deliverables
* Collection Management
* =>> Designing and implement collection strategy, techniques and procedures for front-end, mid-range and hard-core
* collections.
* => Appointing new agencies and hiring FOS, Managers according to projections for the particular market.
* => Reviewing the collections strategy regularly and ensuring that the collection techniques change with the change in the
* legal and economic situation.
* => Analyzing the delinquency reports and monitoring the trends in collections by referring to concerned areas & profile
* patterns and feedback.
* => Handling high value fraud cases / defaulters / insolvent clients and initiating appropriate legal actions against them by
* liaising with CPA, Lawyer and Valuer etc.
* => Assess customer feedback, evaluating areas of improvements & providing critical feedback.
* => Generate MIS Reports & other Statements to facilitate strategic decision.
* Team Management
* => Leading a team of employees and vendors across the EAST& NORTH region.
* => Leading & monitoring the performance of team members to ensure efficiency in operations and meeting of individual &
* group targets.
* => Imparting training to agencies & in-house team to implement audit norms and policies as per guidelines and ensuring
* strict adherence to various norms.
* => Mentoring and motivating teams towards optimizing their contribution levels. Excellent analytical, organizational and


## Skills

* => Determining company’s mission & strategic direction as conveyed through policies & corporate objectives; with focus
* on top line and bottom-line performance
* Risk Management
* => Coordinating with the Risk Containment Unit to check various frauds.
* => Keeping Risk and exposures under control for the circle through predefined and fine-tuning of process on a constant
* basis.
--- Page Break ---
* => Tracking defaulters through Fraud Management System and validating all new dynamics of market to ensure minimum
* risk.
* =>> Taking legal actions in case of NPA & Fraud cases.
* Client Relationship Management
* => Building & maintaining healthy business relations with major clientele, ensuring maximum customer satisfaction by
* achieving delivery & quality norm.
* => Answering customer queries on time and resolving various issues within TAT.
* Stressed Asset Management
* =>> Restructuring of NPA/Stressed account i.e. increasing tenure & giving top up amount, merging overdue amount into
* loan amount and increase tenure to shorten EMI amount.
* => One Time Settlement offer.
* => Identifying sick units and go for insolvency.
* => Recovery through DRT/NCLT.
* => Application of SARFAESI Act & Process of Recovery through Sale of Assets.


## Experience

- Company Name - Poonawalla fincorp limited (Formerly known as Magma Fincorp Ltd)
* _ (Associated since 22" Jan 2014 to till date) Title- Team Leader collection &Quality
* : control (Asst Manager) (Bihar & Jharkhand) Vertical - (Asset based finance)
* _ Product — Auto (Car, CV), Construction Equipment’s, Agri..
* Responsibilities
* Looking after ABF (Assets based finance) — Vehicle collection (Tractor, Car, CV & CE)
* From 31 to 450 Bucket with team of approx. 100 SRC’s (Special Recovery Cell) in above mention
* Looking after Repossession of vehicle in 31-450 Bucket.
* Handling Repossession agencies. Maintain repo record at branch like- Seizer & release approval as well.
* Responsible for collection in self-assign top 40 customers of High ODPOS, available in bucket (90+).
* Review for SRC’s (Special Recovery Cell) for follow up of cases lying in 61-450 bucket on daily, weekly & monthly
* basis.
* Working on Bill+OD in all bucket to minimize bucket portfolio into roll forward.
* Visit with SRC’s on difficult customer on the payment issues.
* Roll back tractor cases from in lower bucket from 61-90 bucket.
* Minimize RF % bucket wise and force to RB or stable the case.
* MIS monitoring on daily basis for Collection efficiency.
* Training the SRC’s & keep they updated about the changes.
* Monitoring the field activity & MR cut by the SRC’s & PTP conversion.vg
* Responsible for banking of cash collection of all SRC’s within stipulated time frame.
* Responsible for allocation of terminals and collection efficiency of all SRC’s.
* Responsible for legal activity (Vehicle inception notice, 138 & Police compliant etc) of 90+ bucket
* => Cases and attend court hearing of regular basis.
* >
* >
* >
* >
* >
* >
* >
* >
* —
* >
* >
* >
* >
* >
* >
* >
* TVS Credit Service Ltd. Since 1st March 2012 to 18th Nov 13.
* : Designated as Territory Manager (Sales & Collection) — (Jharkhand)
* Responsible for TW Sales & collection of Ranchi.
* Doing visits with FCE,s on defaulter customers
* Handling 30 on Roll sales & collection executive team
* Handling Collection DCC, PDC & Write off Portfolio with collection Team.
* Handling O-N + bucket cases.
* Repossession of Vehicle on defaulter customers.
* A keen strategist with expertise in managing entire Collection with key focus on Collection
* Responsible for the collections process : ensuring customers are contacted regularly regarding outstanding receivables
* Recovery managementthrough monitoring of collection &recovery process thereby maximizing revenue generation&
* minimizing irrecoverable debts.
* Handling high value cases/ defaulters/ insolvent clients and initiating appropriate legal actions against them.
* Maintaining daily collections MIS.
* Maintain feedback of eachcustomer.
* Coordinating with Credit & Sales team to know case history.
--- Page Break ---
- Company Name - T&M Services Consulting Private Ltd. (An associates of Kotak
* _ Mahindra Bank )from 22nd Novi10 to 28th Feb12
* Title - Sales & collection Executive (Dhanbad), Jharkhand
* : Vertical - Sales & Collection (Asset based finance)
* Responsibilities
* => Heading HCV, LCV, SCV & CE (New & Used) for Dhanbad.
* => Responsible for profitability of Branch for the concerned product.
* => Sales of Commercial Vehicle & Construction Equipment Loan at Dhanbad & adjacent area.
* => Collection of Current EMI & Overdue .
* => To make the dealer DSA and provide the product training and motivate them to achieve the sales target.
* => Identifying the potential channel partners.
* => Responsible for control the Early Delinquency (First 18 month collection) & health of branch portfolio.
* => Maintain the product mix (Refinance/Used, Lcv New & HCV New & Auto loan ).
* => Responsible for Audit issues/rating by adherence the company policy.
* => Increase the Fee based income through various sources e.g. proc fee, service charge, Insurance.
* Company:- JMA Stores Limited(Dealer of Tata Motors Commercial Vehicles)
* : Designation: - Sales Coordinator
* | Duration: - Oct 2005 to June 2008 in Dhanbad
* => B.Sc. (Math Hons) from Magadh University, Bihar.
* => Intermediate of Science from Bihar Intermediate Education Council, Patna.
* =>> Matriculation from Bihar Secondary School Examination Board, Patna
* Fathers name Late Chandra Shekhar Prasad
* DOB 16th Oct, 1973
* Religion: - Hinduism
* Sex: - Male
* Nationality: - Indian
* Marital Status: - Married
* Language Known: - English & Hindi
* Permanent Address - Apartment-Welfare Diah Height Flat No- 504(Lotus) Chiragora, Binod Nagar More Dhanabad,
* Jharkhand-826001
* =>
* =>
* =>
* =>
* =>
* =>
* =>
* =>

