# 11642_120_kapilkasliwalcv12022112114

## Contact Information



## Curriculum Vitae

* Kapil Kasliwal
* Telephone No. 0141-2220917, (M) 9983900077
* E mail kasliwall1875@gmail.com


## Summary

* 20+ yrs. of Administration experience, across varied industries like Insurance,
* Telecom, BPO and Training Institutes. My strengths Good Communication, Ded-
* ication, Strong Commitment towards my job and Strong Public Relation, helps
* me in effective manpower & resource management besides serving and motivating
* the teams working and associated with the organization. My skills include Data-
* base management, Vendor management, Administration at all front and my
* proficiencies are MIS, Documentation, Liaison with authorities / industry as-
* sociates.


## Experience

* Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd
* From 9" July’14 — Till date
* Position : Sr .Manager- Regional Admin Manager-Rajasthan
* Reliance Communication Ltd
* From 5" September’13 — 7" July 2014
* Position : Manager- Administration Rajasthan Circle


## Responsibilities Include 

* e Look after all verticals of Administration-for Rajasthan Region looking
* after 27 branches of Rajasthan. All verticals includes Projects/Real
* Estate/ Facility management
* e Look after Property finalization/Lease agreement/Fit out work and Infra
* management.
* e Managing admin budgets, finalization of yearly admin budgets for the
* Rajasthan region, managing quarterly budgets and monitoring and
* evaluate expenses on regular basis.
* e Look after office and infra management proper up keep of electrical
* equipment, timely renewal of AMC’s of all critical equipments.
* e Looking after the Housekeeping and security aspects.
* e Liasioning with all the govt bodies
* e Look after all necessary statutory compliance of all Rajasthan branches
* e Looking after vendor management for Rajasthan Region, ensure proper
* quality vendors for all admin utility services.
* e Coordinating with other regions of north in terms of data management,
* MIS management, coordinating for various admin facilities related
* activities
* e Look after all verticals of Administration-Projects/Real Estate/Facility
* Management
* e Look after Property finalization/Lease agreement/Fit out work and Infra
* management.
* e Look after project vendors/infra vendors.
* e Managing admin budgets, finalization of yearly AOP for the circle,
* managing quarterly budgets and monitoring and evaluate expenses on
--- Page Break ---
* regular basis.
* e« Look after cafeteria management; ensure proper hygiene and quality
* food & beverages to be served.
* e Look after office and infra management proper up keep of electrical
* equipment, timely renewal of AMC’s of all critical equipments.
* e Taking care of employee engagement programs.
* e Looking after the Housekeeping and security aspects.
* e Taking care of all the Logistics activities.
* e Maintaining and upkeep of company guest house
* e Looking after the interiors of Circle Office.
* e Liasioning with all the govt bodies
* Etisalat DB Telecom Pvt Ltd.
* From 22" Septemeber’09 — 16" August’12
* Position: Asst. Manager — Administration(Raj./Gujarat)


## Responsibilities Include

* e New Circle rollout. Taking care of all the HR and Admin functions
* functions, like- Man power recruitment, office management &
* infrastructure management
* e Look after all verticals of Administration-Projects/Real Estate/Facility
* Management
* e Hired properties for Rajasthan circle.
* e Look after Property finalization/Lease agreement/Fit out work and Infra
* management.
* e Look after project vendors/infra vendors.
* e Taking care of employee engagement programs.
* e Maintenance of Data Bank comprising of all employee related activities
* (Mediclaims, Claims, Service records, Duty records, Attendance,
* Statutory requirements)
* e Looking after the Housekeeping and security aspects.
* e Taking care of all the Logistics activities.
* e Organizing various training programs for the self development of
* employees.
* e Maintaining and upkeep of company guest house
* e Looking after the interiors of Circle Office.
* e Handling the cab management for whole Rajasthan. Ensuring of proper
* taxi services for the technical and project team..
* e Handling all the statutory compliances related to labour laws.
* e Liasioning with all the govt bodies
* Tata AIG Life Insurance Co. Ltd.
* From 14 January’08 — 20" September’09
* Looking after Facilities & Projects of Rajasthan Region
* Involved in property selection/property finalization for up-coming
* branches.
* Lease Deed finalization, lease registration of new branches.
* Co-ordination with vendors to complete project work on time to meet target
* live date.
* Handling facilities and R&M related issues for 28 branches (Rajasthan
* Region).
* Vendor Management.
* Processing of restacking requests.
--- Page Break ---
* e Co-ordination with team for the renewal of S&E license on time.
* e AMC of all critical equipments.
* e Co-ordination with F&A for timely release of payments (vendor bills/LL
* rentals).
* e To ensure that all registers are maintained properly as per processes.
* e To keep an eye on outsource service providers to ensure the best service
* delivery.
* e Ensure proper housekeeping and security of all branches across Rajasthan
* through outsource agency.
* Idea Mobile Communication Ltd, Rajasthan Circle .
* FromFeb2006- Dec 2007
* Position: Sr.Executive Admin
* New Circle rollout. Taking care of all the HR and Admin functions
* functions, like- Man power recruitment, office management &
* infrastructure management
* Look after all aspects administration which includes Projects/Real
* Estate/Facility management.
* Identifying new properties for office, property finalization/lease
* agreements/Fit out work of all properties.
* Short listing of candidates, organizing interviews.
* Taking care of employee engagement programs.
* Maintenance of Data Bank comprising of all employee related activities
* (PF, Mediclaims, Claims, Service records, Duty records, Attendance,
* Salary compilation, Statutory requirements)
* Looking after the Housekeeping and security aspects.
* Taking care of all the Logistics activities.
* Organizing various training programmes for the self development of
* employees.
* Maintaining and upkeep of company guest house
* Looking after the interiors of Circle Office.
* Handling the cab management for whole Rajasthan. Ensuring of proper
* taxi services for the technical and project team..
* Handling all the statutory compliances related to labour laws.
* Liasioning with all the govt bodies
* Deployment of Security Guards at various sites across Rajasthan.
* Airtel-Broadband & Telephone Services
* Since March 2005- Feb2006
* Position: Executive Admin
* General HR and administration functions, like- Man power recruitment,
* office management & infrastructure management
* Short listing of candidates, organizing interviews.
* Back office activities of HR department
* Taking care of employee engagement programs.
* office management & infrastructure management
* Purchase and Inventory Management
* Looking after the Housekeeping and security aspects.
* Taking care of all the Logistics activities.
* Vendor selection for Jaipur office.
--- Page Break ---
* Taking care of complete aspects of Administration
* Supportscape India Pvt. Ltd.
* From June 2000 to December 2004
* Position: Assistant Manager — Administration
* General administration and all HR functions
* Recruitment of manpower for the various departments.
* Shortlisting of candidates, organizing interviews for various levels


## Training

* Front Desk Management, Housekeeping & Security
* Looking after purchase and stock management
* Maintaining stock registers, audit of stock and inventory
* Liasioning with government departments like STPI, Excise, Labour
* Department, DOT, VSNL.
* Administering payroll activities. Salary administration, Liasioning with
* and submission of reports to ESI and PF departments
* Coordinating between accounts department and all staff in matters
* related like TDS, calculation of taxes, etc.
* Taking care all the attendance related issues
* Pick and drop facility, canteen facility, shift rostering of agents & route
* planning
* Back office activities of HR departments, motivational exercises, events
* management & conferences
* Taking care of client’s visit, hotel reservations pick up and drop facilities
* for the clients.
* CIStems Software Ltd. Jaipur
* From December 1997 to May 2000
* Position: Administrative Officer


## Responsibilities Includes

* Looking after the after-sales service department of CIStems School of
* Computing a division of CIStems Software Itd.
* Fee collection, Batch allotment, Faculty arrangement.
* Conducting of exams, result declaration
* Participation in business development activities like - trade fairs,
* seminars, quiz competitions, event management, etc.
* Library management.
--- Page Break ---
* Professional Qualification
* 1994 One year diploma in computers from Aptech Computer Institute.
* Academic Qualification
* 1996 Graduated in Commerce from University of Rajasthan
* 1993 Completed 10+2 from Maheshwari Higher Sec. School, Jaipur
* 1991 Completed matriculation from Central Academy, Jaipur
* Personal
* Date of Birth 18" December 1975
* Address 18, Ratnapuri, Ajmer Road, Jaipur-302019
* Tele : 0141-2220917, (M) 9983900077
* E mail kasliwall1875@gmail.com
* Marital Status : Married

