# 12011_120_sarojcv2022111649

## Contact Information



## Saroj Kumar Chhotaray

* At-,Barabari,Jagamara
* Khandagiri, BBSR,Khurda.
* Cell -09437202343, 097776210838
* To become a part of an organization where I could work
* Independently, efficiently and dedicatedly. Besides that, I
* could express and utilize my efficiency for the growth and
* development of the organization and of mine also. To achieve
* a managerial Position in a professional organization where a
* professional degree, experience, legal and analytical skills
* would be of value
* Around Seven years of Experience in Legal Practice.
* Proficient in contract review and strong negotiation Skills


## Skills

* Computer Proficiency


## Experience

*Working as Advocate in Orissa High Court from the 14-07-2001 to
* till 28th Feb-2008.
* Working as Sr. Legal Executive in Magma Fincorp Ltd (Formerly
* Known as Magma Shrachi Finance& Magma Leasing Ltd) Ltd From
* 08-09-2008 to till date
* Dealing with statutory filing, handling of all legal matters (such as
* Consumer, Corporate, Labor, Civil litigations, Land Acquisition,
* Banking/Finance and Arbitration and SURFEICE) including legal
* documentation, dealing/briefing all the briefs to the Advocates,
* Drafting of Plaint, Giving Opinions in different legal issues ,petitions
* and Counters and preparing documentations.
* Dealing with all the legal affairs/ disputes of the Corporate.
* Preparing and sending periodical reports/MIS to the reporting
* Authorities as daily basis.
* assisting to release of the Vehicle from the police and forest
* Authorities
* Initiating complain, Arbitration against the defaulters
* Dealing with legal cases under Section 138 of Negotiable
* Instrument Act
* Attending Civil & Criminal courts across Orissa and appearing
* hearings on behalf of the Company and filling execution cases on
* behalf of company and obtaining Attachment warrant from different
* locations.
*The vital role of recovery in 180+.730+, S&S Dept. In field with
* pressurized the customer for recovery.
--- Page Break ---
* DOB: - 22ND May 1975


## Present Address-

* Saroj kumar chhotaray
* C/o-Basanti Maharana
* At/ Barabari,Jagamara
* Po- Khandagiri (Bhubaneswar)
* P.S- Khandagiri
* Dist-KhurdaOdisha


## Other Qualification

* PGDCA-1991- From Capital computer centre Bhubaneswar


## Language Known

*Oriya, English, Hindi


## Nationality

*Indian


## Marital Status:-

* Married


## Hobby-

*Reading Magazine, playing Cricet, Volley
* Signature of the Applicant
* Date-28/11/2016
* Place- Bhubaneswar

