# 12095_120_updatedcv2022111801

## Contact Information



## Sanjeev Choudhury

* S/o Nirendra Chandra Choudhury, 1/ 8 Vivekananda Park, Bansdroni, Kolkata — 700070
* @: +91-9007118976
* El: choudhury.sa@poonawallafincorp.com
* choudhurysanjeev2@gqmail.com
* Intend to build a career in leading academic environment with committed & dedicated people, which will help me to
* explore myself fully and realize my potential. To utilize my strong analytical skills in a position with potential
* growth opportunities willing to work as a key player in challenging & creative environment.


## Profile

* =» Dynamic & versatile professional offering a sterling experience of 22 years in the industry with main forte lying
* in the area of operations & credit. Currently spearheading in HO Audit TL at Magma Fincorp Ltd.
* " Consistent efficiency & sincerity acknowledged through promotion from Team Leader to Credit in Charge in
* Tata Motor Finance.
* «  Solutions-driven professional with in-depth knowledge of credit policies, rejection analysis, legal modalities,
* credit rating along with fraud and skip control.
* = Extensive experience in team management, quality control measures, data tracking & data analysis of credit,
* credit appraisals, scrutinizing documents, sanctioning credit limit.
* = Well versed with technical skills like MS Word, Excel, DTP, Coral Draw, Tally, Foxpro, Oracle, Internet.
* =" Focused and hardworking, self-motivated and team oriented; willing to go the extra mile, effective team player
* with excellent communication and inter-personal skills. Articulate & persuasive with cogent written and verbal
* communication.


## Experience

* POONAWALLA FINCORP LTD since Dec’21
* Currently at Pune Corporate Office POC Operations :
* 4. Working in POC disbursal author team sincerely and confidently with strong positive output and
* success.
* 2. Processing and handling all the cases of pre-owned car of Pan India.
* 3. Sensitize branch ops of Pan India regarding POC disbursal and provide them valuation information
* and update them in every single matter.
* 4. During process check all the parameters related to POC disbursement.
* 5. Interact and coordinate with Sales team like RM, RSM and inform them about the dispute seen in any
* cases along with ROH, Team leader and Branch ops.
* 6. Ensure all the disbursement on daily basis efficiently and successfully and providing best output each
* and every day.
* 7. Maintain daily MIS and share it with the reporting Manager.
* 8 Guide and motivate other team members for the successful outcomes and attainments of the


## Objective

* . Achieved excellence in every month and handle huge disbursement pressure in every month end.
* 10. Displaying high standard of efficiency month after month.
* MAGMA FINCORP LTD (previously named)
--- Page Break ---
* Operations & Credit of North Bengal SinceJan’10 to Oct’10
* ' Manage the entire gamut of operational activities right from beginning to end i.e. from Enquiry
* generation to Payment Requisition which includes checking of files from pre sanction to post
* disbursement docs thoroughly including credit docs and dispatch of all the files of customers all
* products.
* ' Accountable for carrying out all the activities pertaining to Commercial Vehicles, Construction
* Equipment, Suvidha (Refinance & Repurchase of Commercial Vehicles), Car, Tractor & SME.
* ' Coordinating & interacting with different verticals from branch level to Zonal level on daily basis to
* ascertain smooth flow of business operations, particularly with the Credit Analyst to State Credit Head
* for approval of deals, sales team including Deal Originator to Product Head to keep document
* requirements updated according to the policy of the company and verification team to maintain
* operations within TAT.
* ' Entrusted with the responsibility of handling email, clearing, and responding queries from different
* verticals or teams.
* ' Generate and maintain various MIS reports and Inhouse Insurance of the Customers of all products
* from Manual to System related activities and send to HO for preparation of Insurance Policy and
* handover to customer through Sales.
* ' Responsibility of handling all the Dealers & DSAs of entire region which includes 7 Districts and one
* State i.e. Darjeeling, Jalpaiguri, Cooch Bihar, North & South Dinajpur, Malda, Murshidabad, Birbhum
* and the State of Sikkim.
* ' Interacting with the HO audit team for clearance of files after being audited.
* ' Interacting with all the Zonal Head including zonal operation head, zonal credit head and zonal head
* of all products.
* ' Providing high standard of efficiency and best service on regular basis without violating the company
* policy by handling all kinds of responsibilities pertaining to the files of all products with huge work
* load at the end of every month and manage the pressure of huge volume of files and disburse them
* successfully.
* ' Very fluent and have the command with both manual and system activity by maintaining the descent
* speed which operational activity demands without compromise with the quality.
* ' Showcase high standard of efficiency and perfection regarding all the activities of operation month
* after month.
* ' Handling & facing all kind of challenges successfully & professionally and playing a lead role in
* achieving one of the best turnarounds in corporate sector.
* Assignment in HO Operations Audit & Risk: (since Nov’10 to May’19 as Team Leader)
--- Page Break ---
* Audited files of all products like CV, CE, Car, Tractor, Old- cv, ce, car, tractor of all Sou of Pan India according to
* the norms mentioned by the Company & required for all products with sincerely and efficiently month after
* month for the last 3years. Pertaining to my job responsibility interacting with the whole operation team
* including ops head to solve the queries which raised on the discrepant files for clearance without violating the
* process. Maintain daily tat report and daily productivity report within the team and help other team members
* to solve their problems related to auditing files and to solve their discrepant files. Updated all policy changes
* approval mails in the excel sheet and share all the valuable mails with respective sbu to increase their
* knowledge and to accelerate their potentiality and for the overall improvement of file quality to minimize the
* discrepancy level. So that they can achieve the desire result.
* Developing, motivating & educating team members on various credit matters and products and guide them
* towards successful outcomes and attainment of business objective.
* Inter- departmental coordination with the internal departments on daily basis to ascertain smooth flow of
* business operations and to achieve goals.
* Generate & maintain various MIS reports, entrusted with the responsibility of handling various emails,
* clearing & responding of various queries from different Sbu of Pan India.
* Since June 2019 to till date in Centralized Ops Team professional: Audit Risk and Requisition
* Job role included Payment requisition and file review of ABF business on daily basis within TAT.
* Everyday morning downloaded report of payment requisition of one particular zone and then check the
* number of payments released from each branch sbu wise report and same than collated and distributed to
* the team members allocated for that zone. Released payment to Dealer in New funding cases and payment
* to DSA or broker and party or third-party payment in Used, Refinance, RC limit, Branch RC limit cases though
* oracle after checking thoroughly according to the parameters and norms of the Company for payment
* required.
* Doing entire activity on daily basis perfectly and successfully without violating the process and parameters for
* rates and other associated checking r parameters.
* Submit daily report to reporting boss on daily basis and maintain the daily MIS report f in details on payment
* status like done, hold or Returned back the requisition on different reasons.
* Execute all the files through system which sent from all the branches of Pan India.
* Helped PDD team for postdated cheques entry and track all the records in MIS and circulated to all the SBU.
* Coordinate with other functional people like Branch Manager, Regional Business head and Zonal Business
* head to clear the payment on daily basis and resolve their various queries.
* Contributing significantly for the overall pprogress and growth of the Centralized OPS Team as well as looking
* for the growth of myself which | deserve.
* TATA MOTOR FINANCE, Kolkata
--- Page Break ---
* Credit in Charge (Credit team of commercial vehicles of Kolkata) - Since Apr’07- Dec’09
* (Branch Operations) - Jul’?06-Mar’07
* Accountable for carrying out all the activities pertaining to Car & Commercial vehicles of Tata Motor Finance as
* per credit policy norms. In charge of the Credit Team and oversee entire functioning related to credit activity.
* Manage entire gamut of operational activities right from the login stage to credit appraisals for all products.
* Persuading and establishing potential customers, ascertaining their credit worthiness and risk analysis. Check
* the risk factor to approve credit in case of heavy vehicles when customer wants maximum funding.
* Receive application files of customers for Commercial vehicles and analyze Customer Profile & details like
* application for model of vehicle, purpose of use, customer’s work status, resident stability, income stability,
* bank statement and validate average balance & credit balance, checking of balance sheet & P/L a/c and
* validate the same.
* In case customer has transport business, assigned to check all the documents of vehicles and validate Track
* Record of the free vehicles and Current vehicles to see the mode of Repayment and status of the track.
* Promote the sale of credit and loan services. Review and update credit and loan files. Prepare statements on
* delinquent accounts and forward irreconcilable accounts for collector action.
* Entrusted to carry out duties of recording & maintaining customer details, vehicle details applied for, and the
* deviations and attach the bank statements, all the validated track records and balance sheet and recommend
* the same to BCM and then to ACM & RCM for approval who has under writing authority.
* Developing, motivating and educating the staff members on various credit matters, and products to guide them
* towards successful outcomes and attainment of business objectives.
* Inter- departmental coordination with the internal departments on a daily basis to ascertain smooth flow of
* business operations, particularly with Credit Managers for approval of deals, sales team to keep document
* requirements updated and verification team to maintain operations within TAT.
* Entrusted with the responsibility of handling email, clearing & responding queries from different
* departments/teams.
* Generate & maintain various MIS reports after the assessment of the securities and appraisal of the proposed
* project or recommend appropriately. Forward the approved applications to Operations for disbursal & booking.
* Accolades
* v« Played a lead role in achieving one of the best turnarounds in the industry.
* v« Applauded by seniors for demonstrating high levels of professionalism, efficiency in the form of promotion.
* IciCl BANK STPL Jun’05-Jul’06
* Team Leader (Bhawanipur branch)
* Performed all activities associated with the system and regularly updated Master Data.
* Prepared, compiled and presented the credit activities and disbursement, Data Analysis of Credit & ahead to
* senior’s for general look on the processed files.
* Managed entire gamut of operational activities right from the pre documentary stage to final checking &
* disbursal.
* Consistently monitored and maintained customers’ documents and in case of delinquency traced the
* defaulting customers through Internal & CPCS dedupe.
* Scrutinizing the documents provided by customers for ensuring compliance to all rules & regulations.
* Adept in Pre-Approval Application scrutiny and Pre-Approval Credit Eligibility Calculations; updated customer
* details before & after discussion.
* Proactively assisted Credit Manager in loan disbursal decisions for valid customers.
* Prepared DM of the approved customers and aided them to fill up the Post Documents of the necessary
* papers.
* Accolades
* v« Displayed high standard of efficiency & quality and provided best output everyday
* v« Credible for giving 100% to the organization by putting in 12-13 working hours regularly.
* ve Received appreciation from RCU Head & higher authority for successfully marked and holding many defaulter
* customer through internal dedupe.
* ELEKTRAD ENGINEERS Apr’02-Jun’05
--- Page Break ---
* Senior Accountant
* Successfully assisting in preparations and finalization of accounts, preparing Monthly financial reports,
* handling petty cash transactions, and maintaining uniform accounting practices for the smooth running of the
* business.
* Maintained records of all the files related to products.
* Carried out Co-ordination & interaction with the senior officers and provided them the daily report of business.
* Accolades
* ve Showcased high levels of efficiency which contributed to the all-round progress and growth of the organization.
* v« Received appreciation from the Directors in achieving excellence in this regard.
* ORG MARG Nov’99-Jan’02
* Supervisor (promoted from Senior Investigator)
* Conducted survey on different subjects related to various products of the market including banking, financial,


## Education

* Conducted survey among people of different sector on different projects according to the criteria required to
* garner their opinion & views on the particular project.
* Visited houses, offices, shops & factories to collect project related information and interviewed people
* associated by convincing them about the project.
* MBA (Finance), 2008
* National Institute Of Management
* B.Com, 1998
* Calcutta University
* 12", 1995


## W.B.C.H.S.E

* 10", 1993


## W.B.B.S.E

* IT Skills: MS Word, Excel, DTP, Coral Draw, Tally, Foxpro, Internet, Oracle.
* Date of birth: 31° December, 1975
* Linguistic Proficiency: Bengali, Hindi & English


## References

* Anirban Ray - AVP of Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd (9007118976)
--- Page Break ---

