# Curriculum vital

## Contact Information

* E-mail: vijays1988.953@gmail.com 9993048778


## Objective

* To work with an esteemed organization to prove my potential along with the growth and profitability of the
* organization, being able to achieve new heights in my career.


## Experience

* Commerce Graduate & MBA with over 17 years of work experience in Banking & Finance sector. Single point
* of contact with the Customer; handholding through the process of NBFC, Customer Service, Cross sell &
* Direct Sell ; offering world class services.
* Organization : Poonawalla Fincorp Limited
* Duration : April 2012 to till date
* Designation & Location : Asst Manager, Ujjain (M. P.)
* Current Responsibilities: Customer service, Direct Sales Officer,& Branch Operation & Accounts (Feb
* 2020 to Present) (Home loan,ABF,SME, Insurance)
* Operations ( Car ,Suvidha ,tractor, Home Loan)
* Pre & Post Sanction file checking and move to credit que.
* File disbursement and payment approve in branch level to dealer by RTGS/ NEFT/ Remote
* cheque
* PDD (RC & Invoice) updation in system
* Working in Magma fin corp online software oracle.
* CRM — Fresh case login in generate file no. By POS Software and
* HL file checking and login in system
* Try to identify customer’s needs and offer solutions for their queries
* Previous Responsibilities: Branch ops Accountant/ & HR & Admin Coordinator (2012 to 2015)
* Operations ( Car ,Suvidha,tractor, Home Loan)
* Pre & Post Sanction file checking and move to credit que.
* File disbursement and payment approve in branch level to dealer by RTGS/ NEFT/ Remote
* cheque
* PDD (RC & Invoice) updation in system
* Working in Magma fin corp online software oracle.
* CRM -— Fresh case login in generate file no. By POS Software and
* HL file checking and login in system
* Organization : CITI Financial Consumer Finance India Ltd. at Ujjain
* Duration : Jan 2009 to March 2012
* Designation & Location Agency Team leader
* Organization : Parsavnath Developers Ltd Ujjain (Residential Township Project.)
* Duration : Jun 2008 to Dec 2008
* Designation & Location Executive (Sales) Ujjain (M. P.)
* Organization : CITI Financial Consumer Finance India Ltd.at Ujjain
* Duration : Jun 2006 to April 2008
* Designation & Location Executive (Operation & Processing) Ujjain (M. P.)


## Vvvv Vv

* Previous Responsibilities: Customer service officer & Direct Sales Officer (2015 to Jan 2021)
* Direct Sales
* Looking after the Direct Sales of Home Loan, ABF,SME & Health Insurance
* > Managing 1 RM Insurance
* > Leads Generate Through Walking Customer/ Telecalling & Then Coordinate with Sales Team
* > Coordinate with 15 ABF FOS and 5 Home Loan RM about Leads allocated to Them
* > Also Following Customer to Complete Documentation which Lead them for Disbursal process.
* Branch Accountant cum Cashier & HR Coordinator


## Achievements

* > Achieved 1Crore continuously PAN India Topper .
* > Achieved First Branch to done 1 Lakh Business in Health Insurance PAN India
* Customer Services
* Good customer service is the lifeblood of any business. The essence of good customer service is forming a
* relationship with customers — a relationship that individual customer feels that he would like to pursue.
* Warm welcome with genuine smile. Ask Customer for assistance to provide satisfactory solution.
* Engages with customer through well defined scripts and profilers during or post the services to drive
* sales
* Handle customer queries for all the products and accounts.
* Leads generation & Customer retention.
* Providing & explaining various deliverables to the customers like Statement of Account, Repayment
* Amortization schedule, SOA, TDS certificate ,IT certificate, NOC, Original property papers s in case
* of normal maturity and foreclose
* >
* >
* >
* Got Best executive for Cross Selling Activity at Branch.
* Received many appreciation mails from seniors for cross selling and Idea generation for cost saving.
* Appreciation mails received from customers to render better services as well as product offered as
* per need.


## Vvv Vv

--- Page Break ---
* Handling swapping, switching, refund process, Foreclose process, retrieval of documents, OD
* calculation, & waiver request process.
* Ensure speedy resolution of customer queries within defined TAT to provide seamless service


## Vvvvv V Vvwv

* To Collect Cash & Cheques from the customer and deposit in to the bank
* Controlled Cash and Cheques worth Rs Five to Six crores every month
* Prepare and send daily, weekly and monthly MIS reports such as accruals, petty cash report,
* Branch compliance report, E-DCR etc on time.
* Track expenses at the branch level and ensure that fake bills are not entered into the petty cash
* system
* Managed file and data to feed information into online software oracle computer system
* Coordinating HR and Admin Department.
* Joining and exit formalities of employees
* Reported to the Regional State Head regarding various MIS.
* Achieved the Audit requirement of last three Audit of the Branch.
* Banking Operations
* > Receipt and payment of cash transactions along with cash remittance to CMS.
* > Perform daily Clearing operations likes transfer, Inward/outward clearing, CMS cash/Chq.


## Vvvvvv

* Handhold new joinees in the department,
* Focus on Existing relationship value and New Customer acquisition
* Processing of vendor bill Payment. Maintenance and publication of Various MIS on Regional level.
* Ensure various report generation of cash.
* Maintenance of key register, deliverables registers, inventory registers etc on a daily basis
* Ensure error free records \vouchers \reports maintenance and archival.


## Job Responsibilities

* > Giving proper attention to the customer and increase the numbers of satisfied customers.
* > Customer A/c handling, Commercial Operations.
* > Handling and updating about project details
* > Supervision of team of Officer Part time Officers for operation activities.
* > Credit Operations like Reference No. Generation, Internal Dedupe.
* > CPV Allocation, Disbursed Case Cheques Printing, Exceptions Resolutions.
* > File Dispatching, Query resolutions, increasing customer base.
* > Product Awareness and selling — Personal Loan , Two wheeler loan


## Vvvvv V

* Cash & Chq. Collection handling
* Responsible for the overall reduction in delinquency
* Responsible of 0 to 180 + Buckets collection
* Looking after collection of (TL,HL & PL)
* Legal Related all works
* All Collection related MIS Updation
--- Page Break ---
* Customer regular follow-up before EMI & after EMI Overdue
* Critical customer visit for resolution
* Daily Review of all Executive for Daily MTD Target. .
* Maintaining the monthly target to achieve yearly target.
* Collection report to Collection Manager


## Skills

* Hard working with positive attitude. Ability to handle volumes
* Willingness to walk the extra mile to achieve excellence
* Always ensure committed Services after sales
* Continuous knowledge upgradation through self learning and going through e-circulars.
* > Proficient in MS Office. Windows 2007
* > Internet


## Education

* > PGDCA (Makhan Lal Chaturvedi)
* > MBA From Punjab University 2010
* > B.Com. from Vikram University Ujjain 2008.
* > Passed Higher Secondary Examination (Commerce) from M.P. Board. 2005
* > Passed High School Examination from M.P. Board 2003


## Hobbies

* > Traveling
* > Gardening


## Personal Details

* Date of Birth : 24th Nov 1988
* Marital Status : Married
* Gender : Male


## Languages

* | hereby declare that all the above information furnished by me is correct and true to the best of my belief and
* knowledge.


## Date

* Place: Ujjain
--- Page Break ---
* (Vijay Sahu)

