# JyothishKumar.NS

## Contact Information

* Email:-
* Jvothishkumar87787@gmail.com


## Permanent Address

* Neikuzhyparampil (H)
* Kalthotty PO
* Kalthotty.


## Pin 685507

* Personal Data
* Date of Birth : 05-01-1983
* Nationality —: Indian
* Religion : Hindu
* Language Proficiency
* English, Malayalam, Tamil


## Interests

* Listening Music & Playing
* cricket
* Computer Proficiency
* Application Packages: MS
* Excell2003&2007
* Familiar with Internet.
* Personal Attributes
-Flexible to Approach
-Ability to work as part of Team
-Positive and Proactive Approach
* to Work.
-Quick Learner.
-Willingness to go beyond the
* traditional eight-hour day.
- Positive work ethic.
- Staying on the job until it is
* finished


## Objective

* To obtain a challenging and responsible position in a reputed organization, to
* utilize my experience and skills towards the success of the organization.
* Career Progression
* Company :MAGMA FINCORP
* Position: SRC executive for S&S and 730+
* Period:2012dec to 2014
* Position:SRC Executive for 90-450
* Period: 2014 To till date
* MAGMAFINCORP: Since it set up shop in 1989, Magma has been driven by
* one single, purposeful goal- investing in the smallest dream. A loan every
* minute, a million lives touched every year; as of Dec'12 it manages assets
* worth over Rs.160 billion, for us it is just a beginning.
* Over 80% of our 270+ branches are in semi-urban and rural India of 7000+
* Magmaites, and 24+ years experience in underwriting has enabled us to extend
* support to the masses that have been excluded by the traditional financial
* systems.


## Profile

* Looking after 730+and S&S(seized and sold)
* Filing secl38 and arbitration
* Collecting property poof of sub-registrar office
* Meeting customer guarantor convincing them to clear the dues
* Executing warrant against the customer
* Company: OPTIMUSGLOBALSERVICES LTD(A Polaris company)
* Position : TEAM LEADER(FULL FILLMENT)
* Period :08 AUG 2008 to 2012Dec
* Optimus Global Services, a wholly owned subsidiary of the global Software
* service provider Polaris Software Labs is a
* unique Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) provider that offers a wide array
* of solutions for a range of key industry
* Verticals. The company leverages the domain expertise, the Polaris lineage and
* proven technology to offer an integrated
* And comprehensive service portfolio. Optimus’ range of solution enables
* clients to move faster towards realizing their
* Business goals and achieve much more than the mandatory cost savings
* associated with Outsourcing.
* Looking after hole portfolio for icici(AutoBKT1to 365+ and Credit
* card 900DPD) ,axis bank(credit card &PL) and cholamandalam (PL).AII
* Kerala.
* Allocating Cases to the agencies.
* Maintaining agencies from bucket 1 to recoveries
* Maintain DRR to achieve the targets.
* Continues achievement of targets for the past four years
* Maintain receipt tracker ad payment file
* Maintaining and preparing all types of reports that HO
* requires and
* Checking up agency billing.
* t+ + + t+ # #
--- Page Break ---
* Academic Record
* +
* #
* Diploma in Secretarial practices from Govt. Of
* Kerala
* P.D.C from M.G University
* S.S.L.C from Govt. of Kerala
* BA Economics (Pursuing)

