# 12521_120_cv_sandipdas_2111222022112104

## Contact Information



## Sandip Kumar Das

* Phone No: 91630-21527
* Email: sandip.das004@ gmail.com


## Objective

* Organized Senior Executive Branch Accounts Operation Officer who effectively
* identifies and resolves complex financial issues. Thrives in fast-paced and ever-changing
* business environments. Knowledgeable and innovative professional whose success is
* based on integrity exceptional customer service efficiency and ambition.


## Strengths

* Strong Inter personnel skills to suit every needs and requirement
* Adaptability to fit any where
* Analytical approach to learn and work
* Good understanding & Confident
* Mo
*%
* o, o, o,
* “~° “~° “~°


## Experience

* 1) Working in Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd (Formerly known as Magma Fincorp
* Limited) as a Senior Executive Branch Accounts Operation Officer at
* Kharagpur (W.B.) from 01.01.2013 till date.
* Nature of work
* Br. Accountant cum Cashier
* Maintaining Accounts of the branch
* Sending Fund Flow daily basis to H.O.
* Collecting Installment from Customer
* Cash & Cheque deposit at Bank daily basis
* Maintaining petty cash as per the policy guidelines
* File booking and despatch (Operation work)
* Representative of HR/ADMIN/IT Coordinator
* Customer Service O fficer
* e Follow up with H.O. for NOC & Insurance of the Customer
* e Solving the queries of the customer regarding EMI, NOC Insurance etc.
* e New Business Lead (Cross Sale Function) generate
* e Coordination with customer and marketing executive
* e Continuous follow up the aforesaid matter
* e Maintaining good relationship with customer.
* 2) Worked in Sarat Industries Limited as a Junior Accountant from 01.10.2011
* to 31.12.2012.


## Nature Of Work

* Stock maintenance
* Report production
* Statement of Bill
* Cash handling
* Weekly Billing
* Invoice entry
* Calculation of Salary & Wages
--- Page Break ---
* 3) Worked in S.K. Agarwala & Associates as a Trainee from 01.02.2008 to
* 30.09.2011.
* e B.R.S entry in Tally package
* e Vouching of Purchase
* e Sales, Purchase & Sales Return and others office work


## Computer Knowledge

* e MS Office (Word, Excel), MS Dos, Tally 7.2
* e Certificate of Financial Accounting System from ENTALLY YOUTH


## Computer Centre.

* e Certificate in Manual Accounting System from Bengal Tax Council Educare
* Pvt. Ltd.


## Education

* Name of University Year of Passing Percentage of Marks


## Personal Details

* Present A ddress: 133/4/1, Maharaja Nanda Kumar Road (S), Baranagar, K olkata- 700036
* Date of Birth : 27/09/1977
* Father's Name: Swapan Kumar Das
* Marital Status: Single
* Category: General


## Languages

* Nationality: Indian
* Place : Kolkata
* Date : (SANDIP KUMAR DAS)

