# 13699_120_resume_sanjaysingh2022111613

## Contact Information

* Mobile: 9830622822; Email: sksingh25@rediffmail.com


## Objective

* I aspire for a challenging Assignments in Organizations in any profile where I can utilize my sharp skills,
* in-depth knowledge, rich experiences and strengthen them in conjunction with Organizational Vision, Goal
* >Branch Visits: Making branch visits prioritizing the degree of risk , mitigating it and meeting with Branch
* Managers/Territory Managers(TBH)/Regional Business Head(ZBH) and taking their feedback on the day to day
* activities or issues if any.
* >Engaging TBH/RBH/ZBH to achieve the target assigned for our zone and highlighting the issues and ensuring the
* redressal of the issues.
* > Anticipating the potential issues which may arise in future and ensuring to curb it before it takes any shape.
* >Compliance and Controls: Ensuring Zero Compliance and Control issues from Regulator/Auditors or through
* Customer escalation in the Zone.
* > Leading, Implementing and Monitoring CSAT Survey for the Organization and Contributing in Value Addition to the
* Organization.
* > Representing our Organization during RBI Quarterly meet of PAN India NBFC and sharing our stands and processes.
* ICICI Prudential AMC Ltd. Nov’2005 To Aug’2015
* As Zonal Head-Business Operations & Customer Engagement-East Zone
* About the Organization-ICICI Prudential AMC is the Second largest AMC in the Country incorporated
* in 1993. It is joint venture between ICICI Bank (Largest Private Bank) and Prudential Plc(One of the UK’s
* largest players in the Financial Sector). It offers an array of investment option through Mutual Fund,
* Portfolio Management Service and Advisory Service to Offshore Fund.
* Key Responsibilities-
* > Heading entire Operations, Servicing and Compliance for East Zone comprising WB, NE, Bihar, Jharkhand, Orissa
* and Chhattisgarh.
* > Handling 38 Branches and territory sales in-charge locations with a team size of 80 resources.
* > Responsible for managing the existing and new branch operations to maximize new business and customer service
* excellence for both Mutual Fund and PMS.
--- Page Break ---
* > Handling both internal and external customer enquiries, complaints and grievance management whilst ensuring
* the delivery standards in achieving total customer satisfaction are met.
* > Monitoring the health of the business & ensure timely escalation of issues impacting business and possible
* solutions to address the concerns. Consolidate, analyse and prepare monthly performance review pack for
* transactions, customer feedback and various projects.
* > Directing ,Implementing and managing all operational activities leading to adherence of issued guidelines at
* transaction level under our own standard operating procedures and due diligence of AMFI/SEBI across all the
* branches in the zone.
* > Providing support to sales team in cross-sell, servicing, meet clients when required, answer customer queries, co-
* ordinate with registrar back office operations & facilitate their transactions as required to ensure total customer
* satisfaction.
* > Achieving excellence in Operations through adherence/ improvement in “Turn Around Time” defined through high
* performance team and inputs of Business Heads respective Stake holders so that TAT are kept to the minimum.
* > Managing the performance of all team members within the function through the formal performance management
* system. Develop the organizational culture, values and reputation with all staff, customers, distributors and service
* providers.
* > Responsible for ensuring that Statutory/ Internal Audits are completed in time and resolving auditor’s queries.
* > Reviewing service quality provided to our customers/distributors at regular intervals and ensure the stipulated
* turnaround time for resolution are adhered to and high level of customer satisfaction is maintained at all branches.
* > Supporting Unit Capital & Bank reconciliation process by ensuring all reconciliation queries pertaining to the
* region are resolved with the stipulated turnaround time and all required information is being maintained in
* appropriate manner
* > Ensuring the KYC registration under PMLA ACT 2002 are done with accuracy and the required documents are in
* order before sending it to the various KRA’s.
* > Managing a wide gamut of project activities entailing:
* Y Formulating of Strategic Plans & Procedures for the assigned project.
* ¥ Generation and analysis of project reports; giving recommendations.
* ¥ Providing subject matter expertise on assigned systems or areas.
* ¥ Operational risks relating to transaction processing.
* > Accountable for managing the following functions of the AMC:
* v Pay out Reporting and Direct Credit confirmation to the Registrar and Corporate Office.
* Reconciliation of Historic transactions with CMS and transfer pay out.
* Reconciliation of processing of previous days transactions handed over to Registrar.
* Deposit of High Value Cheques and its Reporting to the Registrar and Corporate Office.
* Verification of High Value Cheques deposited by the Registrar.
* RBI Reporting and its authorization in Data Collection Pooling Module.
* Verification of transactions and reporting any deviations to Relationship Managers and Corporate
* Office.
* Processing of transactions received through other channels.


## Profile

* More than 23 years of experience in the areas of Operations, Cross Sell, Regulatory & Compliance Reporting
* to SEBI,IRDAI and RBI. Governance of RBI guidelines on Digital Lending with our Digital Channel Partners
* (FinTech Organization). Quality Assurance, Business Operations (Process) Management, Customer
* Engagement, Strategic Planning, Project Management, Insurance Operations, Resource Optimization,
* Business Analysis, Process Improvement, Cross/Up Selling, General Administration , mplementation and
* Team Management. Proficient in managing & leading teams for running successful process operations &
* experience of developing procedures, service standards for business excellence. Possess excellent analytical,
* interpersonal, communication and organizational skills with proven abilities in team management,
* customer relationship management and planning. Ensuring SLA Compliance by regular quality checks,
* Audit and reviews. Leading, Implementing and Monitoring CSAT Survey and contribution in Value
* Addition to the Organization.
* Areas of Expertise
* Regulatory & Compliance Reporting of CKYC, NeSL, CERSAI, Periodic Updation of KYC(Re-
* KYC) and Reporting to Multiple Bureaus (CIBIL, CRIF, Experian, Equifax). Governance of
* RBI guidelines on Digital Lending with our Digital Channel Partners, Strategic Planning,
* Business Operations encompassing Branch Operations and Head Office Operations, Project
* Management, Customer Service Excellence, Team Management, Cross-Up_ Sales,
* Compliance, Audit Reviews, Business Analysis, Process Improvement, Organization
* Development, Implementing CSAT Survey.
* > Governance of our Digital Lending Partnerships along with Organic Business as per RBI Guidelines on Digital
* Lending ecosystem based on recommendations from WGDL(Working Group on Digital Lending).
* > Compliance of CKYC (Central Know Your Customer) viz., Generation and Reporting of CKYC Numbers of our
* Customers to CERSAI and post action on CERSAI rejections for end to end redressal.
* > Reporting of our Customers with NeSL (National e-Governance Services Ltd) and its redressal.
* > Reporting of our Mortgage Customers with CERSAI(Central Registry of Securitization Asset Re-Construction and
* Security Interest of India) for Charge Creation.
* > Compliance on Periodic Updation of KYC (Re-KYC) viz, Generation of Periodic KYC intimation letters based on
* the Risk Categorization of High, Medium and Low Risk Customers.
* > Bureau Reporting for all our Customers to Multiple Bureaus( CIBIL, CRIF, Experian, Equifax) and its redressal.
* > Monitoring and Assessing the regulatory norms being followed by our Channel and Co-Lending Partners.
* > Assessing the fulfilment and Compliance of RBI Regulations on Digital Loan (FinTech Company) being extended
* jointly by us and our Fin Tech Partners to the Customers.
* > Handling the Regulators as Nodal Officers for RBI.
* > Reporting of Various Reports like Schedule VII, Complaint Register, New Business General, SP Statement,
* Schedule VIA,VIB, Audited Financial Statements etc. to IRDAI.
--- Page Break ---
* > Monitoring the overall functioning of processes, identifying improvement areas and implementing adequate
* measures to maximize customer satisfaction level.
* > Reviewing and Ensuring end-to-end transactions acceptance/processing and related activities are carried out at
* desired efficiency level with less than 1% error rate across all branches in the Zone.
* > Supervising customer service operations for rendering and achieving quality services, Ensuring Insurance Policies
* are issued, addressing queries & resolving issues, ensuring minimum TAT.
* > Preparing and reviewing Presentation, MIS reports & other statements with a view to apprise management of the
* process operations and assist in critical decision-making process.
* > Setting out quality systems for various operational areas, ensuring a high-quality customer experience, while
* adhering to the work processes and quality standards.
* > Ensuring the team achieve business targets through Cross/Up- Sales across the branches.
* > Recruiting, managing & monitoring the performance of team members to ensure efficiency in process operations
* and meeting of individual & group targets.
* > Determining training needs of associates and conducting suitable training programs on technical and soft skills to
* enhance their operational efficiency leading to increased productivity.
* > Measuring Productivity of the team and uplift the resources wherever it is needed.
* > Monitoring optimum manpower recruitment, its training and identifying the knowledge gaps if any.
* > Doing surprise Audit of the branches to ensure the adherence of our internal standing operating
* procedure/RBI/AMFI guidelines/SEBI guidelines.


## Experience

* Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. Sep’2015 to Till Date
* As National Manger, Regulatory and Compliance Reporting and Quality Assurance
* About the Organization-Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd(Earlier Magma Fincorp is Pune based Non Banking
* Financial Company registered with Reserve Bank of India as an Asset Finance Company. Incorporated in
* 1988 and commenced operation in 1989,the company operates from 260+ branches across 22 states and a
* union territory and has a strong presence in rural and semi-rural India. Poonawalla Fincorp Limited has a
* "diversified product portfolio" namely Personal Loan, Professional Loan, Medical Equipment, Machinery,
* Commercial Vehicle Finance, Car and Utility Vehicle Finance, Construction Equipment Finance, Tractor
* Finance, SME Loan, Suvidha (Refinance), Housing Loan, Loan Against Property and Refinance.
* Responsibilities-
* > Generation and Reporting of CKYC Numbers of our Customers to CERSAI and post action on CERSAI rejections
* for end to end redressal.
* > Preparation and Submission of financial information of our Customers with IU(Information Utility) called as NeSL
* (National e-Governance Services Ltd) to NeSL portal and its redressal.
* > Identification and Reporting of our Mortgage Customers with CERSAI(Central Registry of Securitization Asset Re-
* Construction and Security Interest of India) for Charge Creation of Secured Products.
* > Generation of Periodic KYC intimation(Re-KYC) letters based on the Risk Categorization of High, Medium and
* Low Risk Customers. Sending SMS, E-Mail and reminders to Customers for procuring the KYC Documents and
* complying in the system.
* > Bureau Reporting for all our Customers to Multiple Bureaus( CIBIL, CRIF, Experian, Equifax) and its redressal.
* > Monitoring and Assessing the regulatory norms on Digital Lending being followed by our Channel and Co-Lending
* Partners.
--- Page Break ---
* > Reporting of various document details with IRDAI for the Insurance Policies Issued to our Customers.
* > Assessing the fulfilment and Compliance of RBI Regulations on Digital Loan (FinTech Company) being extended
* jointly by us and our Fin Tech Partners to the Customers.
* > Handling the Regulators as Nodal Officers for RBI.
* > Supervising the Operational process like issuance of Sanction letter, Insurance cover note, Issuance of Delivery Order
* and Issuance of Payment requisition within the Turn Around Time set by the Organization which helps in Serving
* Customers and Dealers promptly.
* > Ensuring the backend operations is geared towards seamless customer experience & Achieving CSAT Benchmark for
* the Zone.
* > Generating Revenue through Cross Sell of Various Segments of Products and achieve the set Target.
* > Pre-Processing Applications & Timely Closure: Ensuring document readiness and document verification to improve
* processing efficiency , reduce rework and free up capacity through value chain.
* > Build in Customer Feedback into all Processes as well as Verticals of the Organization: Reveling in the role as the
* pure-play customer fronting department and constantly help improve processes, product, communication and
* processed customer feedback.
* >Drive & Achieve Loyalty & CSM/CSO-Sell: Nurturing Preferred Customer, Happy Customer referrals, Life Cycle
* Partnership, Processed and Pre-approved Loans to drive CSM/CSOs/Cross/Up-Sells a CSO/CSM products and
* verticals.
* >Retention and Engagement: Anchoring Learning, Development, Engagement and Productivity. Improvement of all
* resources. Partner HR in career Movement to ensure workforce hygiene, knowledge management and bench strength.
* >Channel Management & MIS Reporting: Guiding and Training Partners to accomplish set revenue and business
* targets. Preparing and Analyzing MIS Reports for timely reporting to Top Management for the attainment of business


## Nnn Nsn

* Managing the Banking relationships relating to Cash Management Services
* Tracking of un-posted / rejected transactions.
* Reconciliation of Returned Cheques, Non-Reconciled Credit and Un-realised Money.
* oC RN NAN
* Providing support to administration function in the region by coordinating with
* the Administration team in Zone/Corporate Office.
* Active coordination with Corporate Office, Registrar, ICICI, other banks, Unit Holders, etc.
* Conducting Internal & External Reviews; generating Performance Matrices.
* Giving recommendations to eliminate the causes of potential non conformities.
* Tracking of Error log cases and its resolution within turnaround time.
* Monitoring DC Reject cases and its alternate mode of payment .
* Ensuring that all rejection intimation sent to the investors within same day.
* > Developed a system to align all the activities in Operations Department and its automation resulted in improving
* operational efficiency.
* > Developed a mechanism to keep checks and controls for the entire activities and ensured Standardization across
* the branches in the zone.
--- Page Break ---
* > Streamlined the process to make it compatible under SEBI regulatory frameworks.
* > Suggested various ways to make Systematic Investment Plan effective and hustle free.
* > Designed a system of continuous monitoring of service delivery by Courier agency/ Postal deptt.
* UTI Technology Services Ltd. (A Central Govt Owned Organization) July’99 to Oct’?05
* As Project Manager and Business Analyst
* About the Organization-UTI-TSL now called UTIITSL(Unit Trust of India Infrastructure Technology
* and Services Limited) is a Central Government owned company which was established in 1993 that provides
* Technology and Outsourcing Services to Financial and Government Sectors of India. It is the largest
* Financial Service provider in India which offers wide ranges of services to the Mutual Funds, Bonds, IPO,
* Deposits, issuance of PAN, Share holders of Corporate, Financial Institutions and Government Companies,
* Insurance Services and e-Governance.
* Key Responsibilities-


## Vvvvvv Wv

* Vv


## Vvvvv V Vvvvv Wv

* Heading Six PAN India Projects at a time at Corporate office like Systematic Investment Planning, Maturity,
* Purchases, Redemption , Switches and Changes in the Portfolio.
* Monitoring and handling entire West Zone for entire Processing and its Servicing.
* One point of Contact for Internal as well as Statutory Audit for the assigned Projects.
* Monitoring the various departments of operations and suggesting ways for improvement.
* Handled a team size of 125 resources having age varying from 22 Years to 55 Years.
* Processing of Sales, Repurchase, Maturity and After Sale of various open ended and close-ended schemes.
* Development of fully integrated software products of new Unit Schemes in coordination with the Info tech
* Dept. (Software / Applications Engineers, QA Engineers & Technical Writers) internally as well as with TCS
* Consultancy as Business Analyst.
* Processing of Sales, Repurchase, Maturity and After Sale of various open ended and close-ended schemes.
* Development of fully integrated software products of new Unit Schemes in coordination with the Info tech
* Dept. (Software / Applications Engineers, QA Engineers & Technical Writers) internally as well as with TCS
* Consultancy as Business Analyst.
* Providing business inputs to the Vice President on the incidents reported by UAT and taking appropriate
* action to execute smoothly.
* Imparting Training to entire team of PAN India on Process Changes on new product/system implementation.
* Paving the path for Systematic investment plan (SIP) project by formulating the
* Processes, Coordinating with several bank and other vendors and ensuring smooth functioning
* Execution of Systematic Investment Plan (SIP) for all schemes successfully
* Maintenance of necessary records in compliance with the Quality Management
* Systems.
* Co-ordination with UTI AMC, UTITSL branches, Franchise Office, UTI Financial Centre, UTI, other banks,
* Unit Holders, etc.
* Responsible for smooth functioning of all the transactions of undertaken project.
* Reconciliation of processing of all transactions.
* Analyse data and work with management to develop creative solutions.
* Verification of Pay out files of different modes.
* Successfully set up documented procedure to define the controls needed for the identification, storage,
* protection, retrieval, retention time and disposition of records.
* Professional Affiliation
* <> Member of the Association of Mutual Funds in India (AMFI).
* <> Member of Financial Planning Standards Board India (FPSBI).


## Vvv Vv Vv Wv

* B.E. from GVIT(Bangalore University)
* PGDBA from IMT Gaziabad
* CFP from FPSB India
* Lean Six Sigma Green Belt Certification from Simplilearn
* E-Commerce Course from IBM & Pentasoft Tech Ltd.
* Internal Auditor Course on ISO 9001: 2000 from ICS Technology
* 10+2 from DAV Public School, Bokaro Steel City (79%)
* 10% from DAV Public School, Bokaro Steel City (72%)
--- Page Break ---


## Skills

* Operating Systems : Windows 95 / 98 / 2000 / XP/2011


## Languages

* Internet Technologies : HTML, Java Script, FrontPage, DHTML,
* Java Applets, Swing
* GUI : Visual Basic 6.0
* RDBMS : Oracle 8i, MS Access


## Achievements

* >


## Vvvv Vvv V V Wv

* Clearance of legacy pending for CKYC of around 5 Lakhs Customers within a period of 3 Months and received
* accolades and appreciations.
* Doubled Direct Cross Selling in just Six months in the present Organization.
* Generated Revenue of Rs.650 Cr in 3.5 Years through Up/Cross Sell.
* Cross/Up sold Rs.162 Cr in FY 16-17 as compared to North Rs.143 Cr and South Rs.111 Cr. Had continued the
* momentum in FY 17-18 and Cross/Up sold Rs. 307 Cr as compared to North Rs.248 Cr and South Rs.215. Once
* again continued the legacy and Cross/Up sold 5525 Units as compared to North 4122 and South 4198 Units.
* Highest Cross Sell done in FY16-17, FY 17-18 and FY 18-19as compared to North and South-West Zone and
* Awarded Leadership felicitation during National Meet.
* Garnered Highest Cross Sell done till the First Quarter of FY19-20 (Rs.70 Cr.) Vs North (Rs.52 Cr) and South
* (Rs.40 Cr).
* Represented our Organization in RBI PAN India NBFC Meet and imparted presented on our Best Practices to all
* as per request from RBI.
* Arranged Customer Service Excellence Training Program for PAN India.
* Ranked First Class in “Leadership and Time Management” on All India basis as per the exams conducted by Zee
* Corporate Services.
* Awarded Winner Twice in Leading Zone for Cross Selling in Three Consecutives Contests out of Three in a year.
* Ranked First Class in the “Process Knowledge Evaluation” as per the performance evaluation and written exam
* conducted by UTI.
* Achieved Highest score in Operation Knowledge Test conducted by ICICI Prudential AMC and got appreciation on
* passing of entire ops staff of the zone with good scores.
* Emerged as most successful Manager by achieving an unparalleled performance.
* Implemented Regulatory requirements for KYC under Prevention of Money Laundering Act,2002(PLMA).
* Completed Web Based Training Program of all the 30 modules of Mutual Funds (Basic as well as Advance Course)
* from Pru University, U.K.
* Participated in Customer Service Excellence Program organized by Esteemed Authority.
* Project accomplished under severe pressure.
* Got Appraisal twice within Five months from my Ex- Employer.
* Gold medalist in 100,200 & 400m races at school level.


## Personal Details

* Contact Address : Amanora Park Town, Future Tower-53, Flat No-308,
* Hadapsar, Pune, Maharashtra, India-411028
* Date of Birth : 01st September 1975

