# 13883_120_cvgurmeetsingh12022111622

## Contact Information



## Curriculum Vitae

* NAME: Gurmeet Singh
* FATHER’S NAME : Lt. S. Jaswant Singh
* DOB : 02-March-1983


## Gender: Male

* ADRESS: H- 498 Phase 1“ Mohali
* EMAIL ID e: a.gurmeet@ymail.com
* Mobile no. 9876543498


## Objective

* = A challenging and rewarding position in a growth oriented organization where my skills
* and experience can be utilized towards achieving the organization's goals.


## Qualification

* BA from CMJ UNIVERCITY
* Passed 1 Yrs diploma in Computer Hardware from CEDTI
* Passed 1 Yrs diploma of Designing and programming.
* Passed 6 months Diploma in Programming. (C,C+
* +,VB,Palcal,Cobol).
* Three months diploma in Typing
* Vv VVV WV


## Experience

* 1) Worked in Connect for 6 months as a collection Executive cum Backend
* from June 2005 to Nov2005.


## Profile

* Handling cash counter, Field collection, Retention and barring process and MIS.
* 2) Worked in Vandy Coll. Solution PVT LTD. as a Asst. Manager
* (Collection and Operation) from Dec 2005 to June 2008 for ABN AMRO
* Credit Cards..
* All back up, Maintaining Allocation, Maintaining the record &data MIS, Cash Handling,
* Also managing the portfolio of Ldh & Jal ABN (Auto/pl Cards Coll.). . Handling collection team in
* Chandigarh (ABN Credit cards),
--- Page Break ---
* 3) Worked in GE Capital as a Sr. Operation Executive for SBI Credit Cards
* from July 2008 to Oct 2013.
* Handling the agencies and vendors bills as admin (Validation, Uploading and payment
* follow-ups MIS). Reporting Collection MIS to Operation Manager, Maintaining the files, records &data,
* Handling Rt books and Audit the same. Handling the Letter heads and tracking . Maintaining and Share the
* MIS (record for Rt books & Letter heads), Handling the Payment process (Cash and chq) and Audit of the
* drop boxes for Punjab, Himachal, Haryana and Jammu. Handling walk-In Customers and issues received
* from the Bank branches.
* 4) Worked in Magma Fincorp Ltd as Customer Service Officer since Nov
* 2013
* Handling walk-in customers and providing end to end solution for their queries, helping
* in generating sale leads for sale team/ helping collection team for settlements, Handling coordination for
* pan Punjab for customer service. Handling issuance of NOC to customers and other services.
* I was promoted in Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd as Customer Service
* Manager (formally known as Magma Fincorp Ltd.) in 2016
* Handling QRG and helping to maintain SLA PAN India for the same/ Cross Sell/ Delivering good
* NPS/ Managing NOC delivery, Helping to resolve Customers complaints. I had given the training to call
* center in 2017 and in 2021. Helping in various types of trainings to all the CS team time to time. I handled
* Haryana region with my existing Punjab region from 2019 to Oct 2022.
* Promoted to RCSM in Nov 2022 for North Region.


## Skills

* = Good organizational skills and ability to work independently as well as in team.
* = Relevant, efficient and dedicated towards organization.
* = Good Advance knowledge of MS Excel.


## Hobbies

* " Meeting People, Traveling, Music,


## Place

* (Gurmeet singh)
--- Page Break ---

