# Curriculum Vitae

## Contact Information

* Email address: nasirboksh@rediffmail.com Present Address:


## Objective

* To make a positive impact in my field of activity, leading to organizational &
* personal growth by creative application of my value-based conditions, job


## Education

* Graduation


## 12‘ Standard

* e Institute
* e Aggregate


## 10‘ Standard

* e Institute
* e Aggregate


## Interests

* Special Courses —
* B.A Pass EiilmUniversity (Sikkim)
* Sabang Saradamoyee High School
* 53% in 1998
* Malper Vivekananda Siksanikatan
* 60% in 1996
* Collections, Recoveries & *FI*
--- Page Break ---
* MS-OFFICE OF INTENET APPL: (The Institute of Professional Career Academy)
* e Singing songs and listening to Music
* e Traveling
* e Making Friends


## Experience

* Worked as a Proprietor for Solution Corporate Agency (authorized
* collection & repossession agency) for ‘Family Credit Limited’ (L&T) from
* July’2010 To Nov- 2013. Worked as a Team Leader(Asst;Manager)
* for POONAWALLA Fincorp Ltd from Feb 2014 to till date.


## Strengths

* e Team spirit & Team Building.
* e Energetic & Enthusiastic.
* e Pleasant & Flexible personality.
* e Innovative & Co-operative.


## Roles & Responsibilities

* e To follow the Company’s Strategies, Activities and to achieve 100% target.
* e To maintain all audit related requirement both for the office & for the banks.
* e Maintain & sent all the MIS on daily basis as per requirement to Collection
* Office.


## Personal Details

* e Father’s Name : Sk.Asiruddin Boksh
* e Mother’s Name: Faizan Bibi
* e Date Of Birth : 21.06.1978
* e Marital Status : Married


## Permanent Add

* e Vill- : Barsahara
* e P.O- : Barsahara
* e PS- : Sabang
* e Dist- : Paschim Medinipur
* e Pin No- : 721144


## No.

* 983061 1169
* 9932159050
* 9333466729
* 0


## Name Designation

* Oscar Mintu Gomes | Manager
* Bijoy Majumdar Manager
* Prem chand Sing Manager
--- Page Break ---


## Declaration

* | do hereby declare that the above statements and information are true &
* Fair to the best of my knowledge and belief.


## Date

* Place: Khargapur =  — = = = = Ne neeescccccccccccccccccoes
* (Signature)

