# 15891_121_arunresume2022111638

## Contact Information



## M0.98935-96033

* E-mail: arungnjir@ gmil.com


## Objective

* To implement what I have studied with full honesty and integrity and will
* work for the fulfillment of the organization’s goal and be a palm share on
* its success.


## Academic Qualification

* > Ihave completed my 10th class examination in 1996.
* > Ihave completed my12th class examination in 1999.
* > Ihave completed my Graduation in 2005.


## 1. Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd

* Service period : May 2006 to till date.
* Company profile —: Leading financial institute for automobiles loan.
* Designation : Assistant Manager.


## Profile

* > Try to achieve the target of the organization in
* every month
* > Arranging sales promotional activities
--- Page Break ---
* 4.EUREKA FOREBSLTD.: Dec 2002 to Dec 2003
* Designation : SSE (Sr. Sales Executive )
* e Direct Marketing for Aqua guard water
* purifier.
* e Marketing cold calls and try to convert them
* into sales and used achievement to the
* target


## 2. Magma Fincorp Ltd

* > Month may 2006 to 2020 finance new and old vehicle.
* > 2020 to till date recovery looking location Gariyaband Mahasmund
* Saraipali
* > well achievement the targets every month.
* 3. Rainbow Automotive Pvt.Ltd. : Jan. 2004to Apr. 2006
* Company profile —: Authorized Dealer of TVS (Two Wheeler)
* Designation : sales Incharge


## Personal Details

* Name : Arun Kumar Sahu
* Fathers Name : Shri RajKumar Sahu


## Dob : 01/08/1979

* Marrital Status _: Marriead
* Adress : S/O Shri RajKumar Sahu
* Date
* Place
* Village & post Achhoti, Kurud
* Dist: Dhamtari, C.G.
* Contact Number = :9893596033

