# Singh

## Contact Information



## Experience

* 10/2012 to till now
* Customer Service & Operation Manager
* Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. (Formerly known as Magma Fincorp
* Ltd.) -Noida
* e Joined as Operation executive in Oct’2012 & promoted as
* Operation Team leader in Feb’2017
* e Managing disbursement of all products —Auto loan,
* Commercial Vehicle Loan, Construction Equipment Loan,
* Tractor loan, Home Loan & LAP
* e Credit policy check
* e Legal folder check with legal report & vaulting of docs
* e Legal, technical & sanction condition check
* e Track validation & credit history check
* e TA file checking and processing with the coordination of HO
* team.
* e Branch visit and audit for regulatory compliance checking.
* e Managing 9 branches and training of all Ops staff of
* Delhi/NCR for smooth functioning.
* e Good hold on all MIS and managed Internal Audit queries
* related to files
* e Dealer and DSA code processing.
* e Experience of Handling Cross Sale business & also achieved 3"
* ranking among PAN India & rewarded by COO
* e Managing customer grievance & resolution within TAT
* 06/2012 to 09/2012
* Marketing Executive
* Chola Business Services Ltd., Faizabad(Ayodhya)
* e Marketing Under Retail Asset Segment.
* Highlights
* managing all Retail Asset
* Operations
* Ability to manage multiple


## Projects

* deadlines simultaneously
* Results-oriented
* Revenue generation
* Ability to motivate staff
* and maintain good
* relations
* Resistance to stress


## Education

* Bachelor of Arts, Dr.Ram
* Manohar Lohia Awadh
* University —Faizabad (2011)
* HSC, UP Board (2008)
* SSC, UP Board (2005)
* Hobbies
* Listening Songs & Driving
* Bike.
--- Page Break ---
* Personal Particulars
* Date of Birth : 25th Nov 1989


## Languages

* Marital Status : Unmarried
* Father’s Name : S.Harjeet Singh
* Nationality : Indian
* Sex : Male


## References

* e Durgeshwar Rai( RSM)-
* Cholamandalam
* Contact No-9919825293
* e Rohit Prakash( RBH) -India
* Shelter.
* Contact No-9838641264
* | hereby declare that the information provided above is true to best my knowledge and belief if any
* information is found to be false it will disqualify me.
* Date:-
* ( Kulvinder Singh)

