# 16283_120_resume2022111618

## Contact Information



## Parsuram Swain

* Email-parsuramswain@gmail.com
* Contact No-7 7810032 15/8637272840


## Objective

* To Work in an Organization which offers professional Growth &to utilise my Technical Abilities whilebeing
* Resource full & Flexible.


## Professionalqualification:-

* PGDM In HR & MARKETING 2008, From AWDI ROURKELA


## Education

* BachelorofArt 2001fromVikram Dev College Jeypore.


## Experience

* oO
* oO
* oO
* oO
* oO
* Working with Poonawalla Fincorp Limited(formally known as Magma fincorp Ltd ) since 07" June
* 2010 designated as Operations and customer service officer at Bhubaneswar Location.
* | have been reporting to my Team Leader Mr. Rabindra Kumar singh at Rourkela.
* During my daily activities there are three basic things, i.e. Disbursement of Sanctioned Loans,
* Receipting, Banking & Reconciliations, Customer Services (NOC Issuance, Complains redresses)
* On an average per month there are 40 to 45 no’s of Files For Disbursements, 12 to 20 NOCs and
* 150 nos of Complaints redresses that i was addressing.
* Apart from the above said works there are several other works such as Broker Code, DSA & Non-
* DSA Codes, DSE Codes, Disbursed Files courier & Scan Upload, Self Audit & Supporting upload.
* As a Key Custodian need to ensure the office open timing & close timing with Proper signatures in
* all the Books of Accounts.
* Take care of Branch Petty cash, Expenditure entry and Bills processing to HO Accounts.
* Also Taking care of Magma HDI general Insurance Divisions Accounts & Banking, Policy
* Downloads.
* Core Area of Responsibilities:-
* [Checking of Sanctioned files & Taking out the Discrepancies in physical files
* [Disbursement of Sanctioned Loan Proposals
* [Scanning of Loan Proposals& File Despatch to HO Operations
* (Receipting, Banking, Preparing Fund Flow statements
* [Customer Service Related (NOC,Refund,SWAPUpdation,Etc) Maintenance
* [of All Registers, (DCR, STOCK, Courier)
--- Page Break ---


## Skills

* L| Skills in proper maintenance of various accounting books as well as financial statements to ensure Correct |
* measurement.
* [| Computerskillsi:e. MsWord,Excel,Powerpoint&Oracle, Ms Outlook,lotus mail.


## Profile

* Interests & Hobbies New Bikes & cars, Cooking Food,Listening Music


## Languages

* Nationality | Indian
* Religion | Hindu
* Gender | Male
* Marital Status | Married


## Dob 15/06/1981

* Present Address At-Bhudan Colony,Po-Borigumma, Dist-Koraput, Odisha, 764056
* Permanent Address At-Bhudan Colony,Po-Borigumma, Dist-Koraput, Odisha, 764056


## Familybackground:-

* My family consists of Mother, Wife&Son; apart from them | also have 3 brother &2 sister


## Localreference:-

* Name-JAYANT KUMAR DASH Name—SANKAR BEHERA
* Relation-STATE OPERATION HEAD poonawalla Relation—BRANCH MANAGER SRIRAM


## Fincorp Ltd Insurance

* Contact No--9934360882 Contact No-6377201622 |
* | | Known Since --2010 Known Since --2014 |
* | LAddress—BHUBANESWAR Address—JEYPORE !


## Declaration:-

* | do hereby inform you that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge and | shall Be
* held responsible if it is found false.
* Date:-22/07/2022
* Place:-BORIGUMMA

