# \ \t ( \ Ny

## Contact Information



## /\ Any

* ite “l \\ \\\\ Wie
* IN | Hi VM
* AVIRAL PRAVAH Me
* E mail — aviralpravah01@ gmail.com Contact No. - 7070896858 / 9504810126


## Personal Detail Present Address

* FATHER’S NAME - RATNESH BIHARI SAHAY C/O — DINESH SINGH


## Objective

* Seeking a reputed position with an organization, where good work is appreciated, hard work is rewarded
* and where I can apply my skill as well as hard work for the organization’s best interest and justify my
* selection in the organization.


## Education

* e 2005 - 2008 B.Com from Patna University, Patna.
* e 2003 - 2005 I.Sc from Bihar Inter Council, Patna.
* e 2000 Matriculation from B.S.E.B, Patna.


## Computer Skill

* e Substantial Knowledge of MS Office tools (expertise in working with Excel and Word)
* e Substantial knowledge of Oracle, Mail (Lotus & Outlook) and NET database.
--- Page Break ---


## Experience

* e Working as a Legal Executive in MAGMA FINCORP Ltd. (Presently now as
* POONAWALLA FINCORP LTD effect from 22™ July 2021) since Sept.’2014 to till date.
* >


## Vv Wv

* Maintain different types of Legal files, Data / MIS and documents and same the update
* on daily basis.
* Operate Oracle — Operate different types of Oracle module and worked on daily basis.
* Prepares the Legal notice, VIN notice and Execution Petition as per HO report on
* monthly basis. And same the hand it over to the person concerned for further processing.
* Always support to concerned A dvocates, Recovery team and Legal team whenever they
* need any kind of help.
* Answers to the daily queries / request mails by different departments.
* Does Mails to the Head office and other Branch office for co-ordination in the processes.
* Customer Support — Always advise the Customer to settle the loan in the interest of the
* company when he comes to the office with a Legal notice.
* Receives different types of Advocate’s Bills and get them verified and send the same to
* HO for release the payment through concerned departments.
* e Worked as an Office Coordinator in KC Group of Institutions since Feb.’2012 to
* Sept.’2014.


## Vvvvv Vv

* Helping the company to maintain relations with partners and suppliers.
* Acting as business interface so as to filter general information, requests and queries.
* Greeting all incoming visitors to the office in a friendly, professional, hospitable manner.
* Processing incoming and outgoing mail.
* Answering Email, phone and postal queries.
* Coordinating business events, and travel requirements for senior managers.
* Managing the office float reconciling monthly bills.
* e Worked asa Store In charge in Aqua & Emporium Shirts since Mar.’2011 to Jan.’2012.
* For issue, receipts, documentation, warehousing, inventory, stocking and making
* computerized entries for the related items. Maintain inward and outward on daily basis.
* Take stock on weekly / monthly basis and reconcile the same. Inform the office about
* new stock.
* Keep track of physical stock and tally with computer records.
* Generate daily / weekly / monthly stock reports as requested by the management and Plan
* for upcoming goods, preventive measures and stock control.
--- Page Break ---
* e Worked as a District Coordinator in Sarv Saksharta Abhiyan Trust since Nov.’2008 to
* Jan.’2011.
* Open new district wise centers and coordinate accordingly to the HO.
* Monitoring their activities and progress and reporting to the HO.
* Helping in sort out the existing problem acting as an interface between centre and HO
* Helping in creating awareness among the students and people for computer and its
* utilities.


## References

* Will be available on request


## Declaration

* I hereby declare that all the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
* Documents related to this shall be furnished, whenever required.
* Date - AVIRAL PRAVAH
* Place - Patna

