# 17222_120_resumesohanpaul2022111805

## Contact Information



## Sohan Paul

* Address: H. No.173/4 Preet Nagar Hareri Road W no 01
* Sangrur, Punjab, India — 148001
* Mobile: +919041061039
* Email: - kumar.sohan73@gmail.com


## Objective

* To obtain a challenging position in banking in a growth - oriented reputed bank. The opportunity should allow for
* the application of innovative banking and customer service methods with my analytical, leadership and


## Experience

* Magma/Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd,
* Feb-2015 to Till Date
* Place of Posting: Magma/Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. (Sangrur Punjab).
* Designation: Sr. Operation Executive
* Department: Operation
* e Handing Credit & operation Related activity file Disbursing Checked Parameter
* according to Credit & Ops, (File of New & Used Car, CV, Tractor, CE,
* Combine)
* e Looking NOC Related work (Noc checking, Punching, & Printing Noc)
* e Looking DSA Related Activity Open Code of (RC limit, Branch RC limit,
* Broker, DSA, NDSA, etc.
* e Additional Looking account Related work (Cashier activity, maintaining
* daybook & Patty cash related work.


## Cholamandalam Investment & Finance Co. Ltd.

* Sep-2014 to Feb-2015
* Place of Posting: Cholamandalam Investment & Finance Co. Ltd, Branch Sangrur (Punjab).
* Designation: Sr. Associate Grade3
* Department: Credit & Operations
* e Quick Data Entry (QDE), Dedupe, Cibil, reference, Viability Checked.
* e Conduct the Tel e-Verification (TVR) and Field Investigation (FI)
* e Detailed Data Entry (DDE)
* e Underwriting Management
* e Maintenance of Credit & FI MIS,
* e Health Check of files (Refinance, New All Vehicles & Tractors)
--- Page Break ---
* e Handling Queries related to operations Department
* e Handling Queries related payment of Dealer, Brokers & Customers
* e Post Sanction Docs
* e Branch Health Check
* Au Finance India LTD.
* JUN 2012 to Aug-2014
* Place of Posting: Sub Office Sangrur.
* Designation: COM)
* Role: Credit (Auto Loan)
* e Handling Paty Cash of Branch.
* e Punching online & manual Receipt in System.
* e Initiate the Cibil Check, Tele verification with customer.
* e Prepare the Deal for Proposal
* e Looking the Disbursement Detail.
* e Health Check of the File.
* e Solve file Query From HO
* e Printing Refinance Case & Broker Cheque in Branch End.


## Professional Qualification.

* June 2013 Mater in Business Administrator (Finance)
* University: Vinayaka Mission University, Tamil Nadu


## Academic Qualification.

* April 2011 Bachelor of Arts
* University: Punjabi University, Patiala
* April 2008 Advance Diploma in Computer Hardware & networking (Diploma Course)
* Limelight Institute Sangrur
* March 2007 Senior Secondary (10+2)


## Education

* April 2004 Matriculation
--- Page Break ---


## Computer Skill;

* Working knowledge of MS Office (MS Word, MS Excel, Power Point, Paint, Internet), &
* Finance Software: -CAS, Genex. Omnifin, Jaguar, POS, Oracle, POC, Finone.
* IT Software: - Computer Hardware & Networking,


## Strength.

* Ability to organize event and manage deadlines.
* Ability to network with people and manage client relations.
* Confident to deal with all kinds of pleasant and unpleasant situations.


## Interests

* Net Surfing, Listening Music, Making Friends.


## Languages

* English, Hindi, Punjabi Speak, Read & Write.


## Personal Information.

* Father’s Name : Sh. Ravinder Paul
* Mother’s Name : Smt. Sheela Devi
* Date of Birth : April 20, 1989
* Nationality : Indian
* Gender : Male
* Marital Status : Married
* Contact No. : +919041061039


## Declaration.

* I am also confidence of my ability to work in a team. I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to
* the best of my knowledge


## Date

* PLACE: Sangrur (Sohan Paul)

