# 17325_120_vijaykumarcv2022111628

## Contact Information



## Vijay Kumar

* House No. -300


## E-Mail

* Vijay.kashyap131@ gmail.com


## V& P.O -Barout

* Kaithal- 136027
* (Haryana)
* Contact No: -09729026121


## Personal Information

* Name VIJAY KUMAR
* Father’s Name : SH. BABU RAM
* Date of Birth : 20" Oct 1984
* Gender
* Nationality
* Marital Status


## Languages

* Known
* : Male
* : Indian
* : Married
* : English & Hindi
* Hobbies
* > Reading.
* > Interacting with People.
* > Passion of Learning new
* things.


## Objective

* To work in a challenging and creative environment that can
* offer better opportunities to utilize my capabilities and to
* perform my duties and responsibilities with devotion, dedication
* and zeal.


## Academic Qualification

* M.Com From R.K.S.D COLLEGE (KUK) in May 2007
* B.Com From R.K.S.D. College (KUK) in April 2005
* 12": From H.B.S.E. Board in 2002
* 10": From H.B.S.E. Board in 2000


## Professional Qualification

* Specialization
* Accounts, Credit & Audit or Operations


## Experience

* 4 YEAR Working Experience as a Accounts Executive in
* M/s Rattan Anil & Co Chartered Accounts
* 4 YEAR Working Experience as a Credit Executive & Cashier (CSE) in


## Shri Ram Transport Finance Co. Ltd

* Presently I am working with


## Poonawalla Fincorp Limited

* as a (BRANCH OPERATION MANAGER)
* Extra Curricular Activities
* Active player of cricket team of Village Barout.
* Active member of the organizing committee of Sports and
* Welfare or other events in Village Barout.
* Get 1* Position in Quiz-Competition held in School
* level
* Post Graduate Diploma in Yoga from MDU
* University Rohtak, Haryana
--- Page Break ---


## Skills

* > Packages : MS OFFICE (WORD, EXCEL,INTERNET & TALLY)


## Strengths

* > Self Confidence
* > Positive attitude
* > Responsible Nature
* >
* Friendly & Dedication towards work.


## Declaration

* I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
* Date: .......... (VIJAY KUMAR)

