# 17937_120_cv2022111700

## Contact Information



## Azharuddin Siddiqui

* Qe +91 9889463687, 7905846581
* @) azharsiddiqui.09@gmail.com
* 9 Lucknow
* Intend to build a career with leading organization, with my rigorous hard work, grit
* and determination to success and search from excellence where | can maximize my


## Experience

* Poonawalla fincorp Ltd formerly known as Magma
* fincorp Ltd.
* POONAWALLA SENIOR OPERATION EXECUTIVE | 1 March 2016 to till
* FINCORP date
* Products Managed: Loan Against Property, Business
* Loan, Car Loan.
* Non-discrepancy and QC check according to the products policy and process.
* Compliance of sanction and disbursement conditions.
* Coordinating with sales team and credit team for query resolution and disbursement.
* Quality disbursement authorization and PDD management.
* Taking care of audit queries and maintaining good audit score.
* Also have knowledge of tractor, Commercial vehicles and construction equipments.


## Ln Nn Nnn

* Ability to train and manage the new employees of operation,accounts and customer
* service.
* Assisting cash management and customer queries, requests and complaints.
* Co-Ordinating Regional Level Team for Achievement of Operational, Accounts and
* Customer Service Process.
--- Page Break ---
* Bussan auto Finance India Pvt. Ltd.
* CPA- CREDIT |15 November 2013 to 30 September,
* 2015
* Products Managed: Two-wheeler Loan
* File login, CIBIL, TVR and FI initiation process.
* Handling pre-post sales queries related to under writing and operations.
* File punching and disbursement.
* Maintaining branch level MIS on daily basis.
* Customer service related activities regarding EMls foreclosure and NOC.
* BACK-OFFICE EXECUTIVE |1 December, 2012 to 14
* es RIRAM City November, 2013
* MONEY WHEN YOU NEED IT MOST Products Managed: Two-wheeler, Car Loan
* File login, CIBIL, TVR and FI initiation process.
* Handling pre-post sales queries related to under writing and operations.
* File punching and disbursement.
* Maintaining branch level MIS on daily basis.
* Customer service related activities regarding EMls foreclosure and NOC.
* MBA in Marketing from B. Com from A.P.N. PG
* Sikkim Manipal University College Basti


## Strengths

* i \ | e |
* tn Adjustable with peers
* and colleagues
* Adaptable to changes
--- Page Break ---
* Self motivated and Result Oriented
* self starter


## Professional Certification

* Diploma in Information Technology January 2009


## Personal Information

* Father’s name {| Date of Birth 01- Gender
* Shamsuddin 07-1986 Male
* Siddiqui
* Hobbies
* Y Cricket Socializing
* f


## Address-

* 2nd Floor 115 Insaf nagar, Indira Nagar,
* Lucknow


## Languages

* Married Known English,
* And Hindi
* am. Travelling

