# 18005_120_chandruresumenew2022111633

## Contact Information



## Curicullum Vitae

* Chandru NR
* S/O Renukeshawara N D
* Srinivasa Nilya 14" cross 60 Feet Road
* Vinobanagara
* Shimoga -577201
* Mob:9886006163
* Email id 1: chandunmt@gmail.com


## Objective

* To obtain a challenging position in the domain, where my knowledge, sincerity and
* decision-making, Leadership skills can be utilized in Supporting to Achieve organizational
* goals.


## Academic Background

* > Studied SSLC from Govt high school, Nyamathi With 68%.
* > Studied PUC from Govt PU College Nyamathi With 59%.
* > Completed BCA from Kuvempu University, Shimoga With 59%.
* > Completed MBA in finance from KSOU, Mysore With 54%.


## Strenghts

* > Good listener
* > Quick Learner
* >» Ability to work under pressure
* > Enthusiastic to learn new things


## Career Snapshot

* Worked for Xchanging service technology Pvt, Ltd 6 Years and Poonawalla Fincorp Limited
* 5 years as Senior Operation and Account Executive.


## Profile

* > Communicate with Client using verbal and/or written mode on every day’s work plan.
* > Preparing and maintaining Production/Quality reports and submitting to the Supervisor.
* > Meeting SLA & TAT as per the client requirements.
* > Conducting the quality improvement processes along with mentoring the team for quality
* consciousness
* > Designing and conducting the training programs for New Joiners that enabled a new team
* member to handle processes independently within 30 days of joining.
* > Maintaining and publishing quality report weekly/monthly
* > Handling Accounts.
* > Checking the credit files and disbursed .
* > Handling customer service and resolve their queries.
--- Page Break ---


## Accomplishment

* > Bagged the 3 “Best Performer” for the quarter/monthly.
* > Received several appreciations for the Clients for supporting other processes during transition
* period.
* > Appreciation for the best performances in cross training of multiple processes.


## Skills

* Computer Skills: MS Office, Basics, good typing skills and Networking.


## Hobbies

* > Trekking and Traveling


## Personal Details

* > Name : Chandru N R
* > Date of Birth : 29-Sept-1988
* > Father Name : Renukeshawara N D
* > Gender : Male
* > Nationality : Indian
* > Religion : Hindu
* > Marital Status : Married


## Declaration

* I hereby declare that all the statements made in the above resume are true and correct to the
* best of my knowledge and belief.
* Thanking you and looking forward for your favorable reply.


## Date

* PLACE: Shimoga Chandru N R

