# 2023aayushsharmaresume_13_7_2023_15_38_10_164

## Contact Information



## Aayush Sharma

* Phone: +91-7014818779, 9928869911; Email: sharma.aayush2017 ail.com


## Education

* e B.A. LL.B (Hons.), National Law University, Nagpur, (2017-22)
* e Final CGPA: 6.57
* e Class XII, Senior School Certificate Examination (CBSE), (2016) 75.4%
* e Class X, Secondary School Examination (CBSE), (2014) 7.8 CGPA


## Profile

* I am currently working as an assessment trainee with Poonawalla Fincorp Limited in their corporate legal team since July
* 2022 in the Non-banking finance space. I overlook and vet various contracts, finance documents, arrangements and
* business initiatives undertaken by the company and firmly advocate the underlying interests of the company at various
* levels including before the counter party’s business and legal frontier. I am interested in corporate, banking & finance law
* and would like to explore more opportunities in the corporate arena.


## Experience

* e Poonawalla Fincorp Limited, Pune (Assessment Legal Trainee) (July 2022- Ongoing)
- Drafted, vetted & negotiated Master Service Agreement (MSA), NDA’s & other agreements including Software as a Service
* Agreement (SAAS), Direct Selling Agents (DSA), Memorandum of Understanding (MOU), Letter of Engagement (LOE)
* & Letter of Intent LOD).
- Reviewed and vetted various End loan borrower agreements, Co-lending & Business Partnership Agreements..
- Providing legal guidance to internal stakeholders on various contractual positions and business policies by assessing the
* risk and suggesting suitable mitigations
- Prepared and maintained repository of all the contracts executed by the company & researched on various laws and
* regulation form time to time that impact the products/services offered
- Prepared a short note on the topic of “Handling of Personal data and Sensitive data on the basis of IT rules” and
* “Reporting requirements of Lenders to Information Utility”


## Internships

* e Fox Mandal & Associates, Mumbai (March 2022-April 2022)
- Researched on various legal matters involving Real Estate Laws.
- Assisted in land title due diligence, legal research and reviewing transaction documents.
- Prepared a research article on the topic of “SEZ and the Real Estate Sector in India”’.
* e Chiramrit Legal LLP, Jaipur (February 2022)
- Researched on the variety of corporate and litigation matters during the period of Internship which involved Company
* Law, Arbitration Law, CPC, CRPC, IPR, Real Estate Law, Contract and Taxation Law.
- Prepared a Short note on “Process and Criteria for applying for a Patent”
* e ASM Law Chambers, Jaipur (September 2021- October 2021)
- Researched and assisted on various matters related to the Service Laws, CPC, CRPC, Arbitration, Taxation, Sarfaesi Act,
* Custom law and International Investment Laws
--- Page Break ---
- Prepared a presentation on the topic of Drone Rules & Regulation, 2021.
- Prepared case briefs, notes and assisted in drafting writ petition of various ongoing matters. .
* e Paras Kuhad Advocates, Jaipur (February 2021)
- Researched and worked on various matters under different heads of law such as Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996,
* Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 and many others.
- Assisted in Drafting & completing writ petitions and also prepared briefs.


## Moot Courts

* e = Participated in 7 VIPS International Law Virtual Moot Court Competition conducted by Vivekananda Institute
* Of Professional Studies, (October 2020)
* e = Participated in 10 Christ National Moot Court Competition conducted by School of Law, Christ University,
* Bengaluru (September 2019)
* e Participated in Ansal University 34 International Law Moot Court Competition conducted by Ansal Law
* University, Gurugram (Haryana) (April, 2019)


## Adr Competitions

* e Participated in the 4 National Mediation Competition organized by the SYAR India (October,2021)
* e = Participated in the Lexknot ‘20’ Client Counselling competition organized by the ICFAI Law School, Hyderabad
* (October 2020).


## Judgement Writing Competition

* e §=©Participated in 2"4 National Case Comment Writing Competition, 2020 conducted by Amity Law School,
* Gurugram (May,2020)


## Extra-Curricular Activities

* e Runner-Up, Cricket, Aavahan, Ram Manohar Lohia National Law University, Lucknow
* e = Participated in Sports Fest Virudhaka 2017, held at NLIU Bhopal.


## References

* e = Mr. Yatin Dabholkar- National Legal Head, Poonawalla Fincorp Limited, Pune

