# 20905_120_pkshahi_resume2022111836

## Contact Information



## Curriculum Vitae

* Email: pravinshahi124@gmail.com
* PRAVIN KUMAR SHAATI Mobile: 7763801803


## Objective

* To constantly improve myself in all walks of life with special focus on the area of knowledge
* and skill building in various dimensions of legal services, and effective contribution in the
* work.


## Education

* LL. B: Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi (BHU) — June 2000
* Bachelor of Arts: Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi (BHU)


## Skills

* Drafting, Pleading, Handling, Briefing Matters
* Good knowledge of Computer (MS Office, Legal Software’s & Internet)


## Experience

* August 2012 Onwards: Assistant Manager (Legal), Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. (Formerly
* known as Magma Fincorp Limited)
* Professional Responsibilities
* e Monitoring the cases relating to Consumer, Criminal, Section
* 138 of Negotiable Instrument Act, Civil and Execution of
* Award.
* e Preparing the Execution petition, written statement, complaint.
* e Preparing and sending notices to clients
* e Providing legal support to recovery team like warrant
* execution, Police calling etc.
* e Initiating and follow up for arbitration proceedings.
* e Active participation in the collection of High ODPOS accounts
* e Liaising with Government Authorities and Other Concerned
* Authorities
* Jan 2000-Apr2008, & Feb 2009-Aug 2012: Advocate, Muzaffarpur Civil Court
--- Page Break ---
* Handled cases related to Title Suit, Partition Suit, Probate,
* Matrimonial Cases, Suit for Declaration, Suit for Pre-Emption,
* Certificate cases, Consumer Cases, Criminal Cases etc.
* Drafting of legal documents such as Sale Deed, Agreement for
* Sale, Agreement, Power of Attorney, and Public Notice,
* anything relevant thereto as per requirement of transaction.
* May 2008- Jan 2009: Assistant Manager Land Acquisition, Reliance SEZ Pvt. Ltd.,
* Navi Mumbai


## Professional Responsibilities

* Liaise with the Company's Solicitors/Advocates for Legal
* (Basic Requirements) Due Diligence, Title Clearance and other
* assignments.
* Legal due diligence, title investigation/Search of property (7/12
* extracts, Property Card, M.E., KJP, etc) and provide thorough
* analysis of 7/12 extracts, M.E. & other Revenue Records.
* Perform accurate area calculation & conversions with precision


## Summary

* Attend courts to observe matters and get order copy, check
* status of the case.
* Coordinate with other departments for facilitation of work.
* Review of 7/12 extracts & property cards from online
* government site to ascertain the authenticity of the documents.
* Legal analysis of case laws and assesses their applicability to
* issue at hand.
* Having exposure of legal documentation & provisions
* pertaining to SRA/SRS, Township and IT Parks.
* e Liaising with Government Authorities and Other Concerned
* Authorities
* Personal Date of Birth: April 9, 1974
* Details Marital Status: Married


## Languages

* Email ID: pravinshahil24@gmail.com
* Present Address Permanent Address
* C/o Shri Ram Deo Shahi C/o Shri Ram Deo Shahi
* Behind P&T Colony, Munna Tiwari Behind P&T Colony, Munna Tiwari
* Lane No. 2 Lane No. 2
* Post Office Ramana, Mithanpura, Post Office Ramana, Mithanpura,
--- Page Break ---
* Muzaffarpur, Bihar 842 002 Muzaffarpur, Bihar 842 002.
* 7763801803.

