# Resume

## Contact Information



## Manoj Dey

* Date of Birth 23/05/1984
* S/O Ajit Dey
* C/O Tomar Bhawan Near Jorah Mandir
* Dist-Bokaro Steel City_Jharkhand* pin-code 827013
* Phone: +91-9693752627 Email: manoj.dream2050@gmail.com


## Experience

* POONAWALLA FINCORP LTD. (Formally known as Magma Fincorp Ltd. )
* Since April 2012-Till Date
* Ops & Accounts Senior Executive (Operation & Cashier Cross Sell Customer Service Officer)
* All OPS Working
* Cross check CAM and Cibil
* Issue Sanction letter
* Processing daily BDCS login in system in time.
* Processing of daily Login and Disbursement of entire Branch Location assuring proper TAT adherence.
* Ensuring that all the Disbursement and other related activities is done within stipulated turnaround time.
* Maintain TAT for disbursement.
* Collect RC, Invoice
* Follow up to sales for Pre sanction and post sanction docs in time.
* Given DO and Payment Release
* Issue NOC in branch
* e Adept in accurate Recording, updating & maintaining of MR books register, maintenance of Stock of MR
* book.
* e Accountable for Physical counting of Cash collection on daily basis.
* Assumes the responsibility of Cash receipting & Cheque Receipting from the Customer & ensure the safe
* custody of cash at counter & in safe.
* Implementation of Cash Register.
* Daily Send Fund Flow to Soft & Hard copy on daily basis without deviation
* Money Receipt generate on Insurance
* Ensuring of proper utilization of the MR, timely submission of the collection against MR by the field
* recovery officers & doing continuity checks & escalation of the deviation cases.
* Held responsible for proper processing of Vendors bills for payment & on time follow up.
* Providing feedback to the BH/SBU head & HO for cost reduction & reduction in revenue.
* Lead generate from customer
* Direct lead generate & convert to sales Team
* Service to customer for NOC related issue
* Service to Customer for Insurance & Welcome letter
* Maintain of Branch
* Supporting to Admin Related for Branch
* Raising requisitions and assuming responsibility of deployment of IT assets
--- Page Break ---
* e Intimating IT Dept. if assets are surplus on account of separations/transfers/re-deployment etc. as and
* when it happens
* > MSHTC Hardware & Training Centre B.S.City Since December 2009
* to March-2012
* Accountant, Incharge & Maintain Hardware& Software
* Maintain of Branch
* Maintain of Account
* Maintain Hardware& Software


## Academic Qualification 

* 01. PGDCA from Punjab Technical University
* 02. B.Com from VBU Hazaribag in the year 2005
* 03. 12th in Commerce from J.A .C. RANCHI in the year 2002
* 04. 10th from B.S.E.B. Patna in the year 2000


## Others Qualification 

* 01. Diploma in Computer Information Technology From ACTA (W.B)
* 02 Diploma in Computer Accounting (Tally) From BIT Bokaro


## Interests

* Discussion with Existing Customer to gather the market feedback as well as approach for new asset finance
* Willing to Travel &


## References

* Signature
--- Page Break ---

