# Karan Singla

## Contact Information



## Professional Snapshot

* Channel Management Team Management Presentation Abilities
* Customer Relationship
* e A goal oriented professional with 10+ year of experience in Collection/Remedial
* © Proactive leader with refined business intelligence and commendable people skills.
* e A performer who has always met targets set by the company.
* e Logical thinker with the ability to quickly grasp intricate issues.
* e Strong planning and execution skills along with a systematic approach.
* © Possesses excellent communication skills that have been honed through interacting with people at
* various levels.


## Objective

* To be a successful professional as per my candidature, to achieve the goal by working in a
* professionally managed organization, which provide to enhance my knowledge & experience and enable
* me to grow along with the company for better achievements.


## Carreer Path

* Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd Nov-18-Present
* Deputy Manager
* Cholamandalam Investment and Finance company Ltd
* June-15-
* Manager une-15-June 18
* Shri Ram Equipment finance company Ltd Sep- 14-May-15
* Manager
* Magma Fincorp Ltd Novel3-Aug-
* Assistant Manager ov-13-Aug-14
--- Page Break ---
* Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd
* Dec 2012-Oct-13
* Assistant Manager
* SREI Equipment Finance Ltd
* July 2011- Nov-12
* Senior executive
* Feb 2008 —June 2011
* Tata motor Finance Ltd.
* Customer Relationship Executive
* | have gained a good experience in the field of Collection with some of professional organizations. The detail
* summery is given below.
* 1) PRESENT ORGANIZATION: Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd
* Designation Deputy Manager
* Product 91-365Bkt (CV,CE,PC,Tractors)
* Working Area Ludhiana, Jalandhar, Amritsar
* ‘Hoshiarpur, Moga,Ferozepur
* Duration Nov-18- Present


## Profile

* 91-365 DPD of
* Taking care of all activities of collection pertaining to
* Ludhiana, Jalandhar,Amritsar ,Hoshiarpur,Moga,Ferozepur.
* Handling team of 8 collection executives of various locations.
* Handling all legal activities like arrange for Sec 9 for repo the vehicle, execution of summons,
* warrants and arbitration.
* 2) ORGANIZATION : Chola Mandalam Investment and finance company
* Ltd
* Area Receivable Manager
* Designation
* Product 90+ Bkt(Vehicle Finance)
* Working Area Jalandhar,Amritsar & Sri nagar Area Offices
* Duration June-15- June 18
* Taking care of all activities of collection pertaining to 90+ DPD of 3 area offices Jalandhar area
* office having Branhces:-Jalandhar,Kapurthala,Nawanshahr and Hoshiarpur Amritsar area office
* having branches :-Amritsar,Gurdaspur,Pathankot and Jammu Sri_Nagar area office having
* branches :- Sri nagar and Anantnag total 10 branches.
* Handling team of 4 Branch Recovery Manager and 25 collection executives of various locations.
* Handling all legal activities and repossession of vehicles.
--- Page Break ---
* Shri Ram Equipment finance company Ltd
* Manager
* 90+ Bkt(Construction Equipment)
* Punjab,Chandigarh
* Sep-14- May-15
* e Taking care of all activities of collection pertaining to 90+ DPD of Punjab, Chandigarh.
* e Handling team of 5 senior collection executives of various locations.
* e Handling all legal activities and self repossession of vehicles.
* Secondary from Board of Punjab Year— 2003
* Senior Secondary from Board of Punjab Year— 2005
* Bachelor of Commerce (B. Com.) From JRN University Rajasthan Year— 2011


## 3) Organization

* Designation
* Product
* Working Area
* Duration


## 4) Organization

* Designation
* Product
* Working Area
* Duration


## 5) Organization

* Designation
* Product
* Working Area
* Duration


## 6) Organization

* A Growing company in CEQ Finance
* Designation
* Product
* Working Area
* Duration


## 7) Organization

* Magma Fincorp LTD
* Assistant Manager
* Write off (CV,CE,PC,Housing)
* Jalandhar,Pathankot,Amritsar ,Nawa shaher
* ‘Bhatinda »Moga,Ferozepur and Himachal(Una,Kangra)
* Nov-13- Aug-14
* Kotak Mahindra Bank LTD
* Assistant Manager
* Saral Recovery (CV,CE,PC)
* Jalandhar,Pathankot, Amritsar ,Nawa shaher and
* Himachal(Una, Kangra)
* Dec-12- Oct-13
* SREI Equipment Finance (P) LTD
* Senior executive
* CEQ (Construction Equipment)
* Jalandhar,Ludhiana and Anrritsar
* July 2011 —- Nov 2012
* Tata Motor Finance Ltd
* A Leader in Vehicle Finance of Commercial vehicle & Passenger Cars
* Designation
* Product
* Working Area
* Duration
* Customer Relationship Executive
* Commercial Vehicle
* Ludhiana and surrounded areas
* Feb 2008 — June 2011
--- Page Break ---


## Achievements

* I have been awarded appreciation certificate from National Head —collections in year
* 2009-2010 for excellent performance for overachieving the targets & standing Second position
* on PAN India basis. Key contributor for driving the Collection growth & Implementing new
* process and ideas for better machinisiam of collections.
* Date of Birth ; 3 OCT 1988
* Father’s Name ; Shri Ashok Kumar Singla
* Marital Status Married
* Sex : Male
* Nationality Indian
* Present Postal Address : Karan Singla
* S/o Sh.Ashok Kumar Singla
* H.n06303,St.no-1/3,
* New Janta Nagar, Ludhiana
* Email Address : Karan_singlal @rediffmail.com
* Mobile Nos. : +91—-9915483100
* Language known : English Hindi & Local (Punjabi)
* Hobbies : Traveling and make friends

