# 23077_121_pramod.pandeyupdatecv42022112120

## Contact Information



## Lucknow (U.P.) — 226002

* Mob No — 9839677799 ,8707678399
* E-mail Id: - pramod.pandey0012@gmail.com


## Objective

* ,
* “* To work in a positive environment that employs my skills, my talent & my
* experience, in an organization where I get the liberty to use my skills in a
* challenging and professionals working environment. To see my success in
* organization’s success and to make my strength of the organization.
* “* To use my education & skills to add value and contribute to the organization goals
* in progressive & growing environment.
* ¢ To work effectively in the given environment levering the business objectives of
* the organization and will also strive to take the company to the new height.


## Experience

* Previous job
* 1- Working as an Assistant manager remedial in E-Nxt financial limited
* (Tata Motors Finance Ltd) from NOV- 2009 to 28 Feb 2014.
* 2- Working as an Assistant manager bkt 91to 730+ in Magma fincrop LTD from
* 2 March 2014 to 02 Jan 2016.
* 3- Working as an Assistant manager bkt 0 to all bucket in TVS finance LTD from
* 02 Feb 2016 to 02 Feb 2017.
* 4- Worked as a Assistant manager in Magma finance ltd from 7 Feb 2017 to 14 Jun
* 2017
* 5- Worked as a BRM in CHOLA MANDALAM &INVESTMENT FINANCED
* COMPANY LTD. from 15 JUN 2017 to 10 FEB 2019
* Current Job
* Worked as ain POONAWALLA FINCORP LIMITED from 11 Feb 2019 to till Date.
* Organizational Promotion Works: -
* @ Increased Collection of the company.
* @ Ensure proper display of merchandise according to their needs.
--- Page Break ---
* @ Achieving Collection target.
* @ Managed all Collection executives.


## Skills

* (2)


## Education

* Post-Graduation Completed from Kanpur University
* Graduation Completed from Kanpur University
* Intermediate Completed from UP Board
* 10 th Completed from UP Board


## Personal Details

* Father’s Name
* Mother’s Name
* Date of Birth
* Permanent Address
* Marital Status
* Nationality
* Language Known
* Contact No.
* Personal Forte
* Strengths
* Salary Expected
* Location Preferred
* Reference
* Date: 14.09.2018
* Place: Lucknow
* Shri Dineswar pandey
* Smt. Gulwash Devi
* 17" Nov.1975


## Lucknow (U.P.) — 226025

* Married
* Indian
* Hindi & English (Write, Speak & Read)
* 9839677799
* Responsibility & Dedication
* Good Communication and Problem solving, taking up
* Assignments and to complete within time.
* Negotiable
* Lucknow.
* Available on request.

