# 2307_ResumeV2202265a9f262-eee2-46e0-84a3-00f382b636f0

## Contact Information



## Amit Kumar

* 9431160795
* kumar.amit24061925@gmail.com;


## Sales And Marketing Professional

* “Proven record of consistent profit growth in extremely competitive and difficult Markets.”
* Experienced and result -oriented business and sales professional with the talent to effectively identify and
* maximize opportunities to increase growth and development. Highly knowledgeable in diverse areas of
* sales and marketing utilizing creative strategies to decrease timelines and increase the bottom line. Key
* team player with excellent interpersonal and communication skills, establishing and maintaining strong
* relationships with both clients and colleagues. Ability to multitask while applying time management


## Career Abstract

* Over 24 years of experience in the areas of Sales Marketing & Finance, Business Development and Customer
* Relationship Management with well reputed organizations.
- A proactive planner with abilities in devising effective strategies for augmenting business, identifying and
* penetrating new market segments and promoting products for business excellence.
* Proven performer with an excellent track record in sales & finance across assignments.
- Adept in increasing revenues, establishing networks, streamlining workflow and creating a teamwork environment
* to enhance profitability innovatively.
- Proficient in devising & executing marketing activities to accomplish high revenue growth.
* Possess excellent interpersonal, communication and organizational skills with proven abilities in team
* management, customer relationship management and planning.


## Core Competencies

* Finance & Sales
* Managing the finance & credit operations for promoting financial products and accountable for increasing the
* sales growth.
* Creating awareness in the market, thus increasing the sales volume through direct sourcing, Dealer & various
* channel partners.
* Initiating and developing relationships with target organizations for business development.
- Identifying clients and generating business from the existing client to achieve targets.
* Business Development
- Analyzing business potential and implementing plans to drive channels for attaining targets,
* supplementing turnover and achieving desired targets.
* Identifying, qualifying and pursuing business opportunities through market surveys.
* Conducting competitor analysis by keeping abreast of market trends and competitor moves to achieve
* the market share.
* Client Relationship Management
--- Page Break ---
- Supervising customer service operations for rendering quality services; providing customer support by
* answering queries and resolving their issues.
- Building and maintaining healthy business relations with high net value clients, ensuring high
* customer satisfaction matrices by achieving delivery & service quality norms.
* Team Management
* Managing the gamut of tasks including manpower planning and coordinating with the Sales Teams.
- Leading and motivating the team to achieve preset targets on a monthly and quarterly basis.
- Creating an environment that sustains and encourages high performance, motivating teams in
* optimizing their contribution levels.


## Experience

* Presently working at Poonawalla Fincorp Limited as a State head (0-30 bucket)
* since Oct 2021 posted at Patna location. Job responsibility includes
* Responsible for collection of (0-30 bucket) in Bihar and Jharkhand. Managing portfolio of both
* buckets, also manage fresh allocated 9 MOB cases.
* We plan & drive the team for bucket wise collection on a daily basis to achieve the Target.
* Notable Credits
* Joined as Executive in Bokaro Br in May-04.
* Responsible for market development of Bokaro & Dhanbad CE business and also relations with
* various channel partners as well as renowned dealers.
* Promoted as Sr. Executive in April-05.
* Responsible for market development of Bokaro & Dhanbad CV business and also relations with
* various channel partners as well as renowned dealers.
* Promoted as Branch Head in April-06.
* Responsible for Administration work along with responsibility of overall disbursement figures
* along with the collection target.
* Promoted as Location Product Head in April-08
* Responsible for CV Business for two locations (Bokaro and Jamshedpur). We are also responsible
* for business development along with target achievements. Used to interact with various notable
* dealers and channel partners to increase business as well as to interact with daily needs for
* customer satisfaction.
* From April-2010 handling exclusive responsibility as Sr Relationship Manager (CV).
* Responsible for CV development along with target achievements. PDD monitoring in CV business
* and also reduction in billing in collection centric assignments.
* Promoted as Product Head Bihar in Commercial Vehicle at October-11
--- Page Break ---
* Responsible for CV Business for entire Bihar. We are also responsible for business development
* along with target achievements. Used to interact with various notable dealers and channel partners
* to increase business as well as to interact with daily needs for customer satisfaction.
* Complete management of a team to develop the business of Bihar for Commercial Vehicle.
* Core competency of my team is to develop the commercial vehicle dealer in the Bihar region.
* Business growth improved by developing the number of DSA associated with us and also by
* retaining the DSA already associated with us.
* Mapping technique best utilized to develop the DSA so that it covers the entire Bihar region.
* Received recognition award for large contribution to team and increasing the sales of the year.
* From April-2013 to 2014 handling SCV Business for Bihar & Jharkhand .
* Responsible SCV Business for entire Bihar & Jharkhand. We are also responsible for business


## Achievements

* From 2014 to Nov 2015 handling Car Business for Bihar .
* Responsible Car Business for entire Bihar . We are also responsible for business development along
* Promoted relationships between Dealer & DSA to expand business which has resulted in month
* on month growth in business.
* From 2015 December to March 2019 as a Branch Manager in Bokaro location.
* Responsible for all products like New and Used Car ,Tractor ,Commercial Vehicle & CE for entire
* Bokaro Dist & Also looking for a collection for 0-90 bucket in all Bokaro Portfolio.We also
* responsible for business development along with target achievements. Used to interact with
* various notable dealers and channel partners to increase business as well as to interact with daily
* needs for customer satisfaction. We are also responsible for Collection in 0-90 bucket &
* achievements of decided target in branch month by month. We are also responsible for
* Administration in the Bokaro Branch .
* From 2019 April to 2021 September as a Territory Business Head of Central Bihar at Purnea location
* , Bihar.
* Responsible for all New and Used products for business in entire Central Bihar & Also looking for
* a collection for 0-30 bucket in all Central Bihar Portfolio. We also responsible for business
* development along with target achievements. Used to interact with various notable dealers and
* channel partners to increase business as well as to interact with daily needs for customer
* satisfaction. We are also responsible for Collection in 0-30 bucket & achievements of decided target
* in the territory month by month.
* Develop Dealer & DSA to expand business which has resulted in month-on-month growth in
* business.
* Monitoring all product PDD ,EWI & ED Cases & achieve the decided Target .
--- Page Break ---
* ENAR INDUSTRIAL ENT, DHANBAD, (TATA MOTORS LIMITED CV DEALER) 2000 - 2004


## Senior Executive - Cv

* Recruited to achieve revenue targets through the development of dealers in the Jharkhand area
- Directing all sales and marketing activities including lead generations, trade enquiry, trade shows,
* account development, etc.
- Developing a wide range of Influencer and in turn raised the sales of the company to a respectable
* level in the span of about a year.
* Preparing the monthly assessment report mentioning the total sales achieved monthly.
- Enhanced the sales of the company to 50% in just three months and took necessary steps to
* maintain market share.
* JMA STORES LTD, DHANBAD (TATA MOTORS LIMITED CV DEALER) 1998 — 2000


## Executive — Cv

- Managing the opening and closing of store operations.
* Enhancing the sales of all CV
* > B.Sc. in Chemistry (Hons.) From Bhagalpur University in 1992-1995.
- Diploma in Sales & Marketing from NIS (NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF SALES) Patna in 1997-1998.
* PG Diploma in Sales and Marketing Management from IGNOU.
* IT Skills: Well versed with MS —- Office 2000, Internet Applications.


## Personal Dossier

* Date of Birth : 5 Mar, 1975
* Address : Plot No-483, K.K.Singh Colony ,Chira Chas , Bokaro, Pin - 827013.


## Reference

* As per requirement

