# 23234_120_cvvinesh1610222022111832

## Contact Information



## Vinesh Vijaya Krishnan (Nair)

* Mobile : 9735370500/9474437590
* Email — vinesh_vk12@hotmail.com, vinstab12@gmail.com


## Objective

* A long term growth oriented and challenging career with a company of very good
* repute, ethics and excellent work environment where | can exploit my experience and
* managerial skills and abilities to the fullest and optimize my personal and professional
* growth.


## Experience

* 1. Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd.(formerly known as Magma Fincorp Ltd) from Mar'19 to till
* date (Total 3 years and 7 months)
* a. Presently working as a Senior Product Manager based out at Pune, H.O. taking care of
* Corporate Channel/Digital Aggregator business/relations (used cars) and monitoring
* collections upto 9 MOB for PAN India.
* b. Worked as Territory Business Manager in Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. (formerly known as
* Magma Fincorp Ltd.) taking care of five branches Siliguri, Coochbehar, Malda, Pakur and
* Berhampore from March 2019 to till December 2022. Given additional responsibility of
* Durgapur/Asansol/Burdwan/Suri unofficially.
* Handled used CV, CE, tractors, and used car business with 0 and 1-30 bkt collections
* along with portfolio management of 9 MOB, ED, RC management of various channels
* with control over RC pendency within 60 days, contribution of cross sell business
* including health insurance in my territory.
* 2. Hinduja Leyland Finance Ltd. from July 2013 to February 2019 (total 5 years and 7
* months)
* Worked as Area Manager (North Bengal) upto Berhampore/Suri.
* Handled collections and business of Heavy Commercial vehicles (Ashok Leyland) and
* construction equipment (JCB, L&T, Sany, Hyundai, Volvo) in entire North Bengal for 5 years
* and 7 months by managing different team under Siliguri/Coochbehar/Malda/Berhampore
* and Birbhum areas.
--- Page Break ---
* Also Handled Small vehicles including Piaggio three wheeler, Tata & M&M SCVs business and
* collections of entire portfolios including NPA
* Tata Motors Finance Ltd (from August 2007 to June 2013 (Total 5 yrs 11 months)
* a. As Branch Collection Manager —Posted at Barbil branch in Orissa (from April’12 to June 2013)
* Managing and controlling entire collection of branch including NPA during tough time in Orissa due to
* closure of mines and restriction of illegal mining by govt of Orissa.
* Controlled the NPA where 90% portfolios are of MHCV tippers/trucks depended on transportation of
* lron ore/manganese from different mines.
* Maintained the branch as No. 1 in collection in last 12 months in Orissa. (star of the state award in
* the month of May’12 and special recognition by RMs & RBH for April’12 performance in NPA.
* Also given special assignment by management for handling NPA collections of Angul branch from
* Feb’13 and given performance as per management expectations in Feb & March’13.
* b. As Branch Manager (handling entire North Bengal & Sikkim) handled Siliguri branch as
* branch Manager for last 2 years responsible for entire North Bengal & Sikkim.


## Job Responsibilities 

* To look after the branch Independently as a profit centre by balancing business/collections
* and managing NPA with a team of sales, collections, operations and credit :


## Job Role In Detail 

* Handled Siliguri branch CV & PC business as captive financer of Tata Motors, maintained
* market share of TMF across Tata dealers through effective management of a team of
* Business Development Managers (BDMs)/ Channel Partners/ Dealer Sales Managers and
* Dealer Sales persons. Disbursement reached to the level of 10 crores pm at my tenure and
* also maintained market share of 30% plus in tough market competition with Nationalized
* banks and other financiers across North Bengal
* Credit analysis of the cases sourced through different channels and getting credit approval on
* the basis of merits of the cases.
* Sourcing and closing of bulk deals with fleet operators where there is requirement of
* multiple vehicles to the fleet operators and captive customers on the basis of fleet size and
* financials.
* Maintaining the quality of the portfolio of the company and making sure that its not getting
* hampered in lieu of increasing market share.
* Balancing the portfolio by controlling Non starters and thus reducing the NPA.
--- Page Break ---
* Keeping track of TA ( Trade Advance ) / channel funding / ahdoc Limits availed by the dealer
* from TMF and other banks and hence overseeing fund rotation of dealer.
* Promoting new schemes & activities through Advertisements, road shows etc. to increase
* market share. Budget utilization for same is to be monitored and executed.
* Customer handling and resolving day to day issues of customers / branch office
* Developing good relationship with the dealers, starting from sales executives to finance
* managers to directors of dealerships.
* Managing a team of different verticals of Sales/Collection/Credit/Operations etc.
* Managing agency working for collection in soft buckets, team of collectors for hard buckets
* and NPA cases.
* Handling entire administration of the branch.
* c. Worked as Sales Manager for Commercial Vehicle handled entire CV business in
* Durgapur for 7 months and 19 months in Siliguri.
* d. Worked as collection manager in Gaya, Bihar for 6 months handled dealer driven
* collections with dealer team and handled 0 to 10 bkt portfolio.
* Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Ltd. (from Nov2003 to Jul 2007) Total 3yrs & 9
* months
* Started Finance carrier from November 2003 as a graduate trainee and within 3 years given
* responsibility of
* BRANCH MANAGER (Coochbehar & Jalpaiguri Dist.)


## Profile

* Solely handled 2 dist. (Darjeeling & North Dinajpur) of West Bengal Under Siliguri branch &
* Coochbehar & Jalpaiguri Dist. of West Bengal under Coochbehar Branch
* Business generated form M&M, MARUTI, TATA, HM, M&M FES Dealers. (Commercial &
* Private vehicles)
* 300+ contract file solely handled including EMI collection in cash & cheques, SOA verification
* of overdue and NPA customers
* Increase of business volume & reduction of NPAs in my operational area. Implemented new
* marketing & strategic business plan to increase monthly sales. managed sales
* representative in all dealership to make a healthy relation with dealers, business associates
* & channel partners.
--- Page Break ---
* Managed collection, F.I (Credit rating of customers) & implemented collection strategy that
* suits the requirement of the co. Making different type of reports, MIS etc. in a fully
* computerized environment.


## Education

* BACHELOR’S : BACHELOR OF COMMERCE (H) SECURING 60% MARKS FROM RANCHI


## University, Jamshedpur (1997)

* Higher Secondary |. Com. FROM BIEC, PATNA (1994)
* Secondary 10™ FROM BSEB, PATNA (1992)
* Computer 6 months certificate in Computer Application, RCC, JSR


## Personal Details

* Contact address ; A/1, Chandrayan Apartment
* Jyotinagar,
* Siliguri, P.S. Bhaktinagar
* Dist. Jalpaiguri — 734001
* (opp. St. Xaviour School)
* Fathers’ Name Late K. K. Nair
* Date of Birth 06™ May 1976
* Language Proficiency : English, Hindi, Malayalam, Bengali
* Marital status Married
* Religion : HINDU


## Declaration

* I hereby declare that the above mentioned information are true to the best of my
* Knowledge.

