# 23334_121_anishjoynewresume22022111618

## Contact Information



## Anish Joy

* Email ID: anishjoy97@ gmail.com
* Contact No.: +91-9497283883
* CareerO bjective
* Seeking a responsible post with growing opportunities in a reputed institution where I


## Skills

* CareerS ummary
* An innovative and unique thinker with excellent managing skills possesses
* lyear experience as mass banking relationship officer.
* In depth knowledge of sales techniques and customer engagement for a period of
* 1.5 years.
* Proficient in executing the programs using the limited resources.
* PersonalQualities
* Excellent communication skills in written and verbal both.
* Remarkable patience with reliability and responsibility.
* Ability to make a strong and healthy relation among the co-workers and
* customers.
* KeyResponsibilitiesHan
* Manage the plan and new schemes which are being introduced by the bank.
* Make work plan to ensure the quality services.
* Insure the satisfaction of customers.
* Handle all the other responsibilities related to the job.
* ComputerK nowledge
* Excellent in basic use of computer.
* Proficient in working on MS office
* Certification in advanced diploma of computer application.
--- Page Break ---


## Achievements

* Quality acquisition award in J FM 2017 from indusind Bank ..
* Passed NCC, “C” certificate.
* Employers
* Worked as Mass Banking Relationship Officer in Indusind Bank since 2016 July.
* Worked as the Business Development Officer in Kenvoy India Pvt Ltd from 2014
* to 2016.
* Worked in UAE Exchange as BDO.
* Worked at Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Ltd as LMV Executive
* Now working in Poonawalla Fincorp Limited as Senior Field Officer since February 2019
* (Collection).
* Academia
* Graduation in B Sc Physics
* PersonalDetails
* Address :Kottakkattu House
* Kalthotty P
* O,Meppara Idukki-
* 685507,Kerala
* DOB : 0157 May 1990
* Father’s Name : Joy Devasya
* Blood Group : At


## Languages

* Marital Status : Married
* Declaration
* I do hereby declare that the above given statements are true and correct to the
* best of my knowledge.


## Date

--- Page Break ---
* Place : Kattappana

