# 23456_120_cvofnarendra2022111657

## Contact Information



## Personal Details

* Name: Narendra Kumar Behera
* Date of Birth: gth June 1989
* Gender: Male
* Marital status: | Married
* Blood Group: B (+)


## Objective

* To be a good professional and associate with progressive organization that gives me scope to
* update my knowledge and skills in associate with latest trend, be a part of team dynamically
* work towards growth of organization.


## Contact Details

* Narendra Kumar Behera
* S/o : Narayan Behera
* AT — Hatasahi
* PO/PS — Baramba
* Dist — Cuttack
* State — Odisha
* Pin — 754031
* Mob : +91 7008896378
* E.Mail Id : narendrabehera770@gmail.com


## Education

* B.A Pass from M.S. College Baramba (U.U) in 2009.
* LL.B Pass from M.S Law college Cuttack (U.U) in 2012
* Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Application. (PGDCA )


## Language Known

* Hindi, English and Oriya.
--- Page Break ---


## Present Work Details

* e At present serving as an Assistant Manager Legal in Poonawalla Fincorp Limited
* (Formerly known as Magma Fincorp Ltd ) At Balasore from 2nd April 2019 to continue.
* e Drafting Written Statement, F.I.R. and 1.C.C. and MOU, Vetting, Review, Replay Notice,
* Identifying the risks, MIS updating, Filing Arb Execution Petition, Defending Consumer
* case and Criminal Cases Proceeding and coordinating with penal Advocate for favorable
* order.
* e Taking Care of legal aspect of Housing Loan (SARFAESIJ) filing sec 14 SARFAESI Act
* 2002 and successfully taking physical possession of house and settle the account after
* order.
* e Suspensefully handle BLW/NBW. For warrant Execution. Handled Section 9 and 17 of the
* Arbitration and Conciliation Act 1996 for recoveries of the outstanding.
* e Representing the organization before the Court of Law and managing the work related to
* legal proceedings in Case by organization and Case against organizations.


## Experience

* e Worked as Sr Executive Legal in Cholamandalam investment & finance company LTD At-
* Jharsuguda from Ist Jun 2017 to 29 Mar 2019.
* e Worked as professional Advocate in the court of J.M.F.C. Badamba From Jan 2016 to May
* 2017 successfully handle in the Matter of Civil and Criminal.
* e Worked as an associate advocate In The High court of Orissa at cuttack from April 2013 to
* Dec 2015 in the chamber of ADV- Basant Kumar rout. Successfully Handle In The Matter
* of M.A.C,A, Write, Family, Labor and Consumer etc.
* Key skill:S
* Time management, self-motivated, persuasive, determined, trustworthy, self-confidence, good
* listener, Managerial skill.


## Declaration

* I do here by declare that the above given statements are true and correct to the best of my
* knowledge.


## Date

* Place : Baramba Narendra Kumar Behera

