# 23792_121_vidyaraj2019cv2022111844

## Contact Information



## Vidya Raj

* Contact: +91 9562539031 (India),+91 7012351034(India) ,E-mail:rajvidhyaraj@gmail.com


## Collection & Recovery Officer

* To pursue a good career, wherein I can utilize my skills, knowledge and experience to the benefit of the
* organization and groom my personality to suit the challenging times ahead.


## Experience

* EMERALD ASSOCIATES (April 2018 - March -2019)


## Dubai (Uae)

* Collection & Recovery Officer (DUBAI FIRST Bank Portfolio)
* Discussed with the defaulters on problem of them, and making suitable arrangements to regularize the
* account and avoiding deferring the problem to next bucket.
* Arrange compromise settlements and Rescheduling liabilities.
* Arrange to provide clearance letter and police release to the customers
* Daily report to manager and update host system.
* Checked the financial status, history of the account and calls to customers accordingly.
* Listening to the queries and problems of the customers.
* FINTRESTLE PVT LTD (June 2016 - March 2018 )
* Collection & Recovery Officer (MASHREQ Bank Portfolio)
* Tracing customers, recovering and manage assigned cases.
* o Negotiating appropriate settlement agreements
* Follow ups on debtors to ensure settlement plans and agreements are honored and adhered to.
* Update reports to clients \ Management
* Responsible on managing collection teams.
* 1 | VIDYA RAJ[Mobile: +91 9562539031 E-mail: rajvidhyaraj@gmail.com]
--- Page Break ---
* AZZITE SOLUTION (May 2016 - March 2015 )
* Collection & Recovery Officer (ENBD Bank Portfolio)
* Achieve assigned Collection/Recovery plans to achieve monthly individual and team targets.
* Negotiations with the delinquent borrowers for a possible settlement.
* Update reports to clients \ Management
* Responsible on managing collection teams.
* Negotiation of the amicable settlements with the customer.
* Trace the customer and make him ready for the payment.


## Skills

* MS Office Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Internet Explorer and MS Windows.


## Education

* 2012 Bsc (Botany) from MG university ,India
* 2008 Diploma In Pharmacy from Kerala university ,India
* 2006 S.S.L.C, Kerala Board, Kerala, India.


## Languages

* English (Read, Write, & Speak),
* Malayalam (Read, Write, & Speak)


## Interests

* Travelling, Movies, Singing, writing


## Permanent Address

* MammoottilAnnaprampal S P o
* Thalavady,Alappy 689572
* Marital Status : Single


## Dob: 20.02.1989

* 2 | VipYA RAj[Mobile: +91 9562539031 E-mail: rajvidhyaraj@gmail.com]
--- Page Break ---
* 3 | VIDYA RAJ[Mobile: +91 9562539031 E-mail: rajvidhyaraj@gmail.com]

