# 24100_121_resumepravee2022112234

## Contact Information



## Praveen Vp

* TC - 68/843, Sreesylam,
* Pachalloor PO,
* Trivandrum Pin : 695027
* +91 8281018104, 8075483644
* Email : praveenkmr042@gmail.com
--- Page Break ---
* TC - 68/843, Sreesylam,
* Pachalloor PO,Trivandrum, Pin : 695027
* +91 8281018104, 8075483644
* Email : praveenkmr042@gmail.com


## Dear Sir/Madam

* I am seeking an employment opportunity with your organization where my
* professional background can be utilized for its continued success. I wish to address my
* qualifications coupled with extremely challenging environment I had trained on, have
* strengthened my confidence to learn and understand any assignment assigned to me and
* effectively execute them.
* My diligence, keenness to learn and ability to work in groups and adapt to different
* environments are my strengths. My Qualification and employment experience have
* demonstrated my professional reliability and initiative. Given an opportunity to work for
* your organization, I will strive to be worthy of the confidence reposed in me.
* I have enclosed a copy of my curriculum vitae, which will allow you to review my
* background and qualifications. I thank you for your time and look forward to hearing
* from you. Please feel free to call me at +91 8281018104, if I can provide you with any
* additional information.
* Again thank you for your consideration.
* Sincerely,


## Objective

* To pursue a long career in an organization where my qualification, skill and experience would be an
* asset and where I can add value to my technical as well as managerial skills to attain the greatest possible
* heights and to establish and carve an identity for myself in the competitive world by my hard work,
* commitment, determination and sincerity and also to contribute towards the growth of the organization
* with never give up attitude and positive thinking.


## Profile

* e Interact well with people of diverse backgrounds and cultures at professional levels with
* strong team working, leadership and multi-tasking skills.
* e Akeen planner with competencies in formulating and executing strategies for
* streamlining operations for business excellence.
* e Proven performer who can make vision and strategies with effective communication and


## Skills

* e Strong organizational skills, motivate, take initiatives, quick learner & result oriented.
* e Anenergetic, upbeat personality and believe in strong work ethics.
* Academic Qualification
* Degree - B com ; Kerala University
* Pre Degree (Commerce) Kerala University
* SSLC ; Board Of Kerala, Thiruvananthapuram
* Computer Proficiency
* Platforms ; Windows
* Packages ; MS Office& Tally
* Extra Curricular Activities
* Cricket, Football, Kabadi.
--- Page Break ---
* Professional Expertise
* Magma Fincorp Ltd_(2019 onwards
* Responsible for setting targets and budgets for the sales team as well as Collections implementing
* various training programs for development of sales force & Collection Teams for the optimum output in time
* with the market needs and opportunities
* e Primarily responsible for managing and operating all activities of each and every clients of
* Trivandum branch, Kerala.
* e Manage all existing and fresh customers for maximum out put
* e Make ensure that we achieve target for every month.
* e Planning, organizing, providing leadership and controlling all sales activities
* Kotak Mahindra Prime Ltd (2015- 2019 )
* Relationship Manager
* e Responsible for setting targets and budgets for the sale team as well as implementing
* various training programs for development of sales force for the optimum output in time
* with the market needs and opportunities.
* ICICI Bank Pvt Ltd (2013 - 2015 )
* Sales Executive, MG Road Branch, Trivandrum.
* e Responsible for setting targets and making sure that to achieve target as well as the branch
* e Primarily responsible for interacting and operating all activities of our clients.
* HDFC Bank Pvt ltd (2005 - 2010)
* Sales Executive, MG Road Branch, Trivandrum
* e Responsible for setting targets and making sure that to achieve target as well as the branch
* e Primarily responsible for interacting and operating all activities of our clients.
* City finance (2002 - 2005)
* Working as financial executive for consumer loan
* e Responsible for setting targets and making sure that to achieve target as well as the branch
* e Primarily responsible for interacting and operating all activities of our clients.


## Personal Details

* Age & Date of Birth , 42 years / May 30th, 1978
* Sex Male
* Religion& Cast , Hindu, Nair
* Nationality Indian
* Marital Status , Married


## Languages

* English, Malayalam& Hindi
--- Page Break ---
* Declaration
* All the information’s furnished above are true and correct.
* PLACE: Trivandrum
* DATE  _:06/11/21 Praveen V P

