# 24153_121_sharanjitsinghcv2022111859

## Contact Information



## Sharanjit Singh Saini

* Present Address: #FLAT NO-130/GF,SHIVJOT ENCLAVE-


## Block-06, Kharar, Mohali-Punjab

* Tel: 9878890111
* Email: SINGH.SHARANJIT425@GMAIL.COM


## Banking Expertise

* OBJECTIVE: Seeking a challenging career in a dynamic and _ leading
* organization preferably in Banking/COLLECTIONS that would help me to
* cultivate and nurture my skills to the fullest with an opportunity to display
* my talent and become an asset to the organization.


## Profile

* Qualified Masters of Arts & B-ED and results oriented banking /Collections
* professional with rich exposure of over 13 years’ with ICICI BANK LTD,CITI
* FINANCIAL, BAJAJ AUTO FINANCE LTD,CAPITEL FIRST LTD & HOME
* CREDIT FINANCE LTD In collection and recoveries Dept..
* Core competencies include;
* Man Management Agency Management Client
* Servicing
* Relationship Management TAT Compliance Recon
* Processes


## Skills

* Oriented
* e Highly motivated, positive and_ goal-oriented, with demonstrated
* professionalism, attention to detail, highly developed, Analytical faculties.
* e Above average communication and relationship management skills, quick to
* adjust to new situations and the ability to Work comfortably under constant
* deadline pressure.
--- Page Break ---
* e Excellent interpersonal skills and build professional relationship.
* e Cogent written & verbal communication skills. Committed to business ethics
* and morality standards.


## Icic| Bank Ltd

* collection executive-C-111
* 1, july-2005 to 3,Nov-2007
* Based at Patiala and taking care of Collection of HOME LOANS/LAP and AUTO
* LOANS of Location Patiala & Spokes.
* Citi Fianacial Consumer Finance India Ltd
* Asst Manager
* 5-Nov-2007 to 26-Nov-2012
* Based at Ludhiana and taking care of Collections/Recoveries PL of
* Ludhiana,Sangrur & Bathinda and HOME LOANS of Location Bathinda.
* Book Size: Responsible for managing more than 800 accounts with the Pos
* value of 18 crore Of HOME LOANS & 10 crore of Personal Loan.
* Bajaj Auto Finance Ltd.
* 1-Dec-12 to 31-Oct-13
* Based at Ludhiana and taking care of Collection/ Recoveries of TW
* Loans Locations, Chandigarh,Mohali,Ropar,Ludhiana,
* Sangrur ,Patiala,Nangal,Una,Solan & Shimla portfolio of Tw Productl.
* e Book Size: Responsible for managing more than 3000 accounts with the Pos
* value of 3.5 crore of TW. and also taking care Legal of above areas.
* Capital First Ltd.
* Location Head(Asst Manager) of TW Loans Collections/Recoveries.
* 1-Nov-2013 to 19-Aug-14
* Based at Ludhiana and taking care of Collection/ Recoveries of TW Loans of
* Locations Ludhiana, Moga, Khanna & Spokes and also taking care Legal of
* above areas.
--- Page Break ---


## Home Credit Finance India Private Ltd.

* Manager for Punjab, Haryana & Rajasthan of Field Collections.
* 20-AUG-2014 to 08- Nov-2017.
* | had join as Area Manager (AM-Ludhiana) for Punjab in 20-Aug-14 and Company
* promoted me as Regional Manager for Punjab & Rajasthan in 1-april-16 as per
* my performance.
* Based at Chandigarh and taking care of Early/Late/W-off Collections of CD &
* TW Loans of Punjab & Early collection of Rajasthan. Portfolio Was 20crore in
* Late/W-off & 2 crore in Early collections.
* Recently 10 location officers and 150 executives are reporting to me in
* Early collections (DPD-30to60) Cases of Punjab & Haryana. Handling
* portfolio Aprx 5 crore & 9000 cases of CD & CL LOANS on weekly basis..
* | was regularly Top performer in Late collections in pan India and currently
* top Performer in Early collection in Pan India..
* e BAJAJ FINANCE LTD.
* RCM Regional Collection Manager for Rajasthan & Gujarat
* 13-Nov-2017 to till date.
* Based at Jaipur & taking care CD Flow portfolio of Rajasthan & Gujarat.
* Portfolio Size is 12 Crores in BKT-0 & 15000 cases & BKT 1 size is 2.5 Crore &
* 2000 cases. Recently 19 collection officers indirectly & 4 ACM are directly
* reporting to me.
* e Man Management: Developing, motivating and guiding a team of Collection
* and Agency Managers. Identifying and Implementing strategies for building
* team effectiveness by promoting a spirit of cooperation and By giving timely
* trainings on cash management, vendor and portfolio handling.
* e Team Management: Coordinating with the call center for effective
* distribution of the contactable and non contactable Pool data and bifurcated
* to the concerned team.
* e Vendor Management: Having a network of vendors all locations for
* Collections/Recoveries. Agency setup at all spoke locations to have better
* reach.& achieved portfolio targets.
* e MIS and Reporting: Preparation of MIS reports for providing feedback to
--- Page Break ---
* Supervisor.


## Achievements

* Outstanding Performance Award-2008
* Excellent Control on Field agency awarded.2009
* Bravo Employee of the compancy-2009-10
* Bravo Employee of the compancy-2010-11
* Win Goa trip(Due to Good Performance)-2010-1 1
* Win Watch Out contest (Q-Sep to Nov-12)
* Good performer award received from Bajaj in First Q4 (2013-14)
* Excellence Team Award from Home credit for Q1 in 2017


## Education

* % age
* Period School/College | Board/university Mars Regular/correspondence
* 1989-
* 1992-
* 1994-
* 1999- MA Punjabi University
* 2001 M.A Patiala 46% correspondence
* 2002- University of
* 2003 B.ED Kashmir 75% Regular


## Technical Credentials

* e Successfully completed One year Diploma in Computer Application.
* e Working proficiency across MS-Office, Word, Excel, Power Point and
* Internet Applications.
* Thanks & Regards
* Sharanjit Singh Saini

