# 24186_120_ranjithcv2022111642

## Contact Information



## Curiculam Vitae

* Ranjith J Shetty
* #13 Preethi, 15‘ Floor 5" Main Road
* Srikanteswar Nagar, Mahalakshmi Layout
* Bangalore - 560021
* Mobile: 97409 42259
* Email:ranjithshtty@yahoo.com


## Objective

* Seeking a challenging career that encourages continuous learning and provides exposure to new ideas, which simulates
* professional and personal growth and help to function as an asset to company.


## Experience

* Industry: Banking
* Integrated Solutions for ICICI Bank Itd -
* Mangalore (2005)
* Designation: Marketing Executive
* Time marketing & | Process for ICICI
* Bank ltd — Bangalore. (2005-2006)
* Designation: Phone Banking Officer.
* Standard Chartered Bank & Standard
* Chartered Operations and Excellence.
* (2006-2013)
* Designation: Officer, Customer
* Satisfaction.
* Officer —-Service Operations.
* Senior officer —-service operations
* Officer Fraud Control Unit.
* PAYBACK India (April’2013 till date.)
* Assistant Manager — Fraud Risk
* Analytics.
* IndusInd bank (March’2014 to
* December’2015)
* Designation: - Deputy Manager — Risk
* Containment Unit
* Reliance Capital
* Designation:- Area Risk Manager
* Kak KKK Kk
* Reliance Home finance ( December’ 2015 May’2019)
* Designation:- Area Risk Manager:-
* Sampling and screening of MSME, Home Loan, LAP and Construction
* Finance applications and initiating necessary checks on the suspected
* triggers noticed on the application and subsequent KYC documents.
* Docket checks during disbursement process. Validation of legal and
* technical reports.
* Handle Approved project funding verifications.
* Conducting dealer verifications and maintaining a database of the
* verified dealers for SME customers. There by ensuring customers are
* being dealt with genuine dealers.
* Cross check of document verification, Valuation cross checks, PD
* cross checks.
* Conducting post disbursal checks by visiting the customers and
* verifying the end use of the funds.
* Monitoring, First Payment Default and infant delinquency cases.
* Handling hunter match cases and investigating the same.
* Indusind bank (March’2014 to December’2015)
* Designation: - Deputy Manager — Risk Containment Unit
* Sampling and screening of all the Personal Loan and Credit card
* applications and initiating necessary checks on the suspected triggers
* noticed on the application and subsequent KYC documents.
* Conducting DSR Interviews to those DSR’s who were involved in
* sourcing the fraudulent applications and thereby analyzing the reason
* for the inflow of the fraudulent application.
* Responsible for taking necessary actions against the concerned Sales
* Personal in case of any lapse / fraudulent intensions by him/her.
* Seeding activity towards the sales personals on a monthly basis.
* Investigation of Skimming / counterfeit card usage and identification of


## Poc.

* Timely communication of key information and fraud trends to line
* manager by generating detailed fraud control MIS.
* Timely communication of the fraud trends to the sampler and the
* discussion on the fraudulent files noticed during the previous months.
* Responsible for investigation of phishing and vishing cases and
* creating awareness to the customers.
* Investigation of lost/stolen cards transactions, online transaction
* frauds, and suspected transactions.
* Ensure active communication with the franchises and other external
* agencies in order to prevent frauds proactively
* PAYBACK India: (April’2013 to March’2014)
* Designation:-Asst Manager — Fraud Risk analytics
--- Page Break ---
* Analyze data to identify exception patterns in Points earn/ burns.
* Analyze transactional data, customer interaction data, data from various applications at Call centre like IVR, Call recording
* application, CRM etc to identify potential risk areas and exploitation by customers / partner employees.
* Consistent monitoring of customer transactional data to define unusual pattern leading to fraud identification.
* Submit reports with recommendations of such analysis in time.
* Study all current and new business process to identify potential risk areas.
* Documentation of process/ methodology for all identified fraud areas.
* Data validation of all goodwill points/bonus points/ double uploads of activities to ensure data sanity and prevention of
* fraud.
* Investigate and resolve complicated cases escalated from CC or BO team.
* Testing of live / production system (Website/LMS /OTC/PG system) on behalf of Operations team and report
* discrepancies/ bugs if any to mitigate financial loss to the organization.
* Standard Chartered Bank (17-05-2010 — 09-04-2013.)
* Designation: Fraud control Officer.
* Sampling and screening of all the lending and non lending product applications and initiating necessary checks on the
* suspected triggers noticed on the application and subsequent KYC documents.
* Initiating necessary checks on the System Automated Sample applications and subsequent KYC documents of Credit
* cards and Personal Loans.
* Conducting DSR Interviews to those DSR’s who were involved in sourcing the fraudulent applications and thereby
* analyzing the reason for the inflow of the fraudulent application.
* Responsible for taking necessary actions against the concerned Sales Personal in case of any lapse / fraudulent
* intensions by him/her.
* Seeding activity towards the sales personals on a monthly basis.
* Investigation of Skimming / counterfeit card usage and identification of POC.
* Timely communication of key information and fraud trends to line manager by generating detailed fraud control MIS.
* Timely communication of the fraud trends to the sampler and the discussion on the fraudulent files noticed during the
* previous months.
* Responsible for identifying and investigating money laundering cases and submitting Suspicious Activity Reports.
* Responsible for investigation of phishing and wishing cases and creating awareness to the customers.
* Investigation of lost/stolen cards transactions, online transaction frauds, and suspected transactions.
* Ensure active communication with the franchises and other external agencies in order to prevent frauds proactively
* Standard Chartered Operations and Excellence (01-09-2009 to 14-05-2010)
* Designation: Senior Executive Service Operations.
* Standard Chartered Bank (5-05-2009 to 31 -08-2009)
* Designation: Officer, Service Operations.
* Handling customer complaints forwarded by the front end officers.
* Analyzing root cause of the Customer queries /concerns
* Resolving cardholder’s issues by taking necessary actions for the non recurrences of issues.
* Calling customer and clarifying / informing about the issue and assuring the banks best services.
* Standard Chartered Bank (12 - 06- 2006 to 31 — 08 - 2009)
* Designation: Officer, Customer Satisfaction.
* Handling credit card queries [Emails and letters]
* Analyzing root cause of the Customer queries / concerns
* Resolving cardholder’s issues.
* Reply satisfactorily subsequent to investigation.
* Reviewing the quality of the responses of the Junior Officers.
* ICICI Bank Itd (I process)— Bangalore. [4 March, 2005 to 10" June, 2006]
* Designation: Phone Banking Officer.
* Out bound service calls to the existing customers of Mangalore, Indranagar, branches.
* Providing information of the new products launched by the bank.
* Cross selling Fixed Deposits accounts, Recurring deposits accounts, Easy deposit cards, Insurance and Mutual funds.
* Scheduling and executing field officers to meet the customers for cheque deposits and account opening.
* Maintaining good rapport with customers.
* ICICI Bank Itd — Mangalore [3 July, 2004 to 30" January, 2005]
--- Page Break ---
* Designation: Marketing Executive
* e Visiting customer places and selling Personal loan.


## Education

* B.com from Pompei College, Mangalore University,
* Diploma in Computer Applications and Basics from St. Aloysius College, Mangalore.


## Personnel Details

* Date of Birth : 3 September, 1983
* Marital Status : Married
* Nationality : Indian


## Place

* Ranjith J Shetty

