# 24818_121_resumemohammedabid2022111928

## Contact Information



## Jaipur-302002

* Mo:-8209101732


## E-Mail

* abid.mohammed87@gmail.com


## Personal Data

* Date of Birth: 14, Jan,1988
* Sex: Male
* Nationality: Indian
* Marital Status: Married
* Father’s name:-


## Languages

* English, Hindi,


## Objective

* To obtain a challenging career, seeking a position in the
* corporate world, where my skills, ability and talent can be used
* in right direction and up to full potential, leading to my
* professional growth and for the advancement of organization.
* Willing to work as a Key player in Challenging & Creative
* environment.


## Academie

* 1. B.A. from Rajasthan University
* 2. Senior Secondary from Rajasthan Board Ajmer.
* 3 .Secondary from Rajasthan Board Ajmer


## Computer Proficiency

* e Software : Windows, Ms-Office, Internet


## Experience

* (Formerly Known as Magma Fincorp Ltd ) Non-
* Banking Financial Company as a Deputy Manager from
* 14-Oct-19 to till date.


## Profile

* Y Working with Magma Fincorp Non-Banking Financial
* Company.
* Y Having 16 Members of Tele Callers and responsible of their
* collection performance.
* v Managing 78 Field Officers of 15 Branches in Rajasthan
* Portfolio.
* v Managing 0 to 30 BKT in all Assets Based Products and
* responsible to manage all Products Construction Equipment,
* Commercial vehicle, Car, and Tractor Products.
* v Managing 279 Crore Book size in 0 Bkt.
* Y Daily Reporting to Collection Head
--- Page Break ---
* Responsibility to Maintain Collection MIS and Circulate to
* Pan India on daily basis.
* Coordinate with Collection Manager’s & Coordinators for
* Collection Resolution
* Daily tracking of performance index of collection executive
* through respective MIS (DVR) and review them for improve
* collection and ensuring to streamline the same.
* Support and guide to collection executive for all type quires
* like Repo related, Legal related, any other...
* Handling M Collection Software for Receipting and
* Coordinate with Team for Resolve there Queries
* v
* v
* v
* v
* v


## Past Employer

* e 4.10 Years’ Experience in Ess Kay Auto Finance Pvt Ltd
* as a Asst. Manager MIS from 05-Jan-15 to till 12-Oct-19
* 5.7 Years Experience in Cholamandalam Investment and
* Finance Com Ltd as a Process Incharge from 20-May-09
* to till 31-Dec-2014 , Jaipur


## Nsn

* Daily Reporting from Local Branches
* Daily Reporting to Regional Office
* Maintain Daily & Monthly MIS Report
* Record Keeping all necessary record in the branch
* Handling customer queries & walk-ins & and solving
* customer issues
* Handling & Coordination for agency billing / vendor
* payments / compliances and other vendor related queries.
* Regular monitoring on collection executive performance on
* day to day basis to met their targets.
* Regular reporting to the superiors on various aspects of
* collections 1.e. Feedback / Various MIS’s.
* Providing field executives with necessary field support and
* Guiding them with immediate solution to crack the case.
* Maintaining delinquency figures to targeted minimal level.
* Generating leads for any other loans and Insurance


## Hobbies

* 1. Playing Cricket
* 2. Listening Music
* 3. Computer Games


## References

* Mr. Khalid Khan
* Collection Manager —Jaipur (Esskay Fincorp Ltd.)
* # 9982786000
* Mr. Rauf Ali
--- Page Break ---
* Retail Supervisor- Jaipur (DHL)
* # 9680091300


## Declaration

* I hereby declare that the particular furnished above are true to the
* best of my knowledge and belief.
* Place : Jaipur
* Date : Monday, January 13, 2025 ( Mohammed Abid)

