# 24955_120_resume_mritunjay2022111723

## Contact Information



## Mritunjay Choudhary

* Contact No:- +91 9631949048
* Email:- mirobhu@qmail.com
* Address:- 2/174, G. D. Mishra Path, Near CISF HQ, New Patliputra Colony, Patna, Bihar —
* 800013


## Objective

* To work in a dynamic, progressive and professionally managed organization and further utilization
* of my skills in ‘legal management’ and ‘team management for achieving organizational goals and
* attaining professional excellence and growth.


## Synopsis

* Professional experience of 17+ years including Legal Recovery, Legal & Regulatory,
* Compliance and Liaison expertise in esteemed organization Tata Motors Finance Ltd,
* Magma @ Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd., Telecom organization i.e, Bharti Infratel Limited Bihar &
* Jharkhand Circle.
* Period of Practice more than 7 years from 2003 to 2010
* Strong understanding of commercial applications and adaptability to new business
* environment.
* Successfully handled SARFAES!| & LAP matters in Tata Motors Ltd and Poonawalla Housing
* Finance and Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd.
* Provide support in regular recovery through legal tools.
* Successfully driven a pilot project for recovery in LSA pool at TMFL
* Expertise in co-ordination & handling Government Authorities of various fields.
* Able to co-ordination with the Internal & External customers according to their needs.
* Commendable Communication and Inter-Personal skills.


## Employment

* e Since February 03, 2020, working with Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd (formerly known as Magma
* Fincorp Limited.) as State Legal Head based at its Regional Office, Patna and looking after
* the pro and against cases for entire Bihar & Jharkhand. (All Loan Products Viz- LAP, PL,
* CV, CE, Consumer Durables, Home Loan etc)
* e From 18" Jan 2016 to Dec 28, 2019 worked with Tata Motors Finance limited as State
* Legal Head, Bihar, based at Patna and looking after pro and against litigation of the
* company for the state.(CV/PV/CE)
* e From Dec, 2012 to Jan 17", 2016 worked with Bharti Infratel Limited as Senior Executive
* and looking after Bihar & Jnarkhand Compliance for New & legacy sites.
* e 10" May 2010 to December 12, with The Bharti Infratel Limited as Consultant Legal, Bihar
* & Jharkhand circle posted at its Circle office, Patna.


## Area Of Expertise

--- Page Break ---
* e Initiate action and persuasion of Legal cases filed under section 138 of N.I. Act and
* Arbitration Act.
* e Monitor the initiation of Arbitration proceedings and filing of Execution cases in local district
* court within stipulated timeline and monitor
* e Conducting Lok Adalat and Conciliation camp.
* e Liaising with panel lawyers & briefing senior counsels.
* e Drafting & Vetting all types of notices including notices u/s 13(2) & 13(4) of the SARFAESI
* Act also taking possession of secured assets.
* e Steps under Securitization Act 2002 from initiation to final disposal including taking
* physical possession of secured Assets as Authorized officer
* e Drafting & Vetting of various Notices, Pleadings, Applications, Agreements, preparing
* para-wise comments, pleadings for legal cases before Courts and Tribunal (DRT and


## Drat)

* e Managing cases filed by and/or against before various courts, DRT, DRAT Securitization
* Act
* e Corporate and commercial laws and litigations
* e Possession and Disposal of secured Assets as Authorized Officer under securitization Act
* 2002
* e Assist and Brief the counsel in finalization of petition filed before DRT/DRAT filed
* by/against Company,
* e Advising on legal strategies to management on various issues
* e Maintaining MIS report pertaining to Process Delinquency/NPA
* Movement/Recoveries/Variance/Corrective action/litigation management and presenting
* the same to senior management for facilitating decision making.
* e Having exposure to Consumer Loan, Vehicle Loan, Term Loan, Cash Credit, Corporate
* Loan etc litigation, Documentation and Recovery
* e Statutory compliances under the Companies Act 1956 read with Companies Act 2013 and
* Banking Regulation Act 1949 and other Acts applicable to Banks and Financial Institution.
* e Liaison with government authorities for MCB and Pollution NOC for cell site.
* e To obtain the land conversation certificate from different authorities for cell site as well as
* offices.
* e To obtain the certificate of shop & establishment for various offices.
* e Substantial capability of providing support services and compliance guidance


## Experience

* Poonawalla Fincorp Limited (Formerly known as Magma Fincorp Limited
* (Feb 2020 to till date)
* Working as a State Legal Head Bihar & Jharkhand based out at Patna and looking after all
* litigation and customer issues.
* Key Responsibilities
* Regular review of team member on KPI & special assigned projects. Managing the team and
* motivating for achieving the organizational goals.
--- Page Break ---
* Drafting & Vetting notices u/s 13(2) & 13(4) of the SARFAESI Act also taking possession of
* secured assets.
* Steps under sec of 14 of Securitization Act 2002 from initiation to final disposal including taking
* physical possession of secured Assets as Authorized officer
* Initiating / managing various cases in High Court, District Courts, State Consumer Disputes
* Redressal Commission, Consumer Forums, MACT, DRT etc.
* Making representations for resolution of legal cases under various statutory Acts/rules.
* Review of advocates and tracking of Bills.
* Maintaining contact with legal professionals for initiating and subsequent follow-ups on legal
* procedures.
* Dealing in Civil Cases (Arbitration, EP of Arbitration Awards, Consumer Complaints, Recovery,
* SARFAESI proceedings, TP Claims and other Civil Suits) Criminal Cases (cases against the
* company and its officials), Writs and Contract matters.
* TATA MOTORS FINANCE LIMITED (Jan 2016 to Jan 2020)
* Worked as State Legal Head, Bihar and looking after entire Bihar Legal for the Company.
* e Associated with a senior advocate of Patna High Court from October’2002 to April’2010 as an
* advocate. Drafted pleadings and prepared briefs of various natures mainly Constitutional,
* Criminal, Civil and other miscellaneous matters.


## Notable Contributions

* e Decrease the against cases by 50% in short span of time of short span of time and
* no any adverse order against the company
* e Approx 5.50 Crore Recovery through Legal in NPA and chronicle cases.
* e Successfully handled SARFAESI cases against dealers of Tata Motors Limited.
* e Reduced litigation by monitoring and strategizing post assessment of the pending
* legal cases
* Conducting Lok Adalat and Conciliation camp.
* Dispute resolution through arbitration and conciliation
* Liaising with panel lawyers & briefing senior counsels.
* Advising on legal strategies to management on various issues
* Maintaining MIS report pertaining to Process Delinquency/NPA
* Movement/Recoveries/Variance/Corrective _action/litigation management and
* presenting the same to senior management for facilitating decision making.
* e Statutory compliances under the Companies Act 1956 and NBFC Regulation other
* Acts applicable to NBFC and Financial Institution
* Bharti Infratel Limited, Patna — (Dec 2013 to Jan 2016)
* Worked as Sr. Executive, Site Acquisition Bihar & Jharkhand circle and looking after MNOC,
* PUCC & other statutory compliances for entire Bihar & Jharkhand.
* Key Responsibilities
* e Research and monitor developments in state and central legislatures
--- Page Break ---
* Maintain a database of central, state and local laws and regulations
* Monitor legislative and regulatory developments impacting business strategies, practices and
* polices
* To obtain NOC from Municipal and other government authority for operating tower.
* Analyze, interpret, summarize and communicate the impact of any proposed laws and
* regulations to the Operations, Faineance and Real Estate departments.
* Work with the appropriate departments to ensure that all policies and procedures meet new
* laws and regulations, and that the communication and follow through was appropriate to the
* stores
* To obtain NOC from pollution control board to run DG set on sites.
* Liaison with government authorities for MCB and Pollution NOC for cell site.
* To obtain the land conversation certificate from different authorities for cell site as well as
* offices.
* To obtain the certificate of shop & establishment for various offices.
* Substantial capability of providing support services and compliance guidance
* Cross Functional team Collaboration
* Identifying and selecting Vendors for Procurement, following up with Vendors for site
* preparation.
* Preparing/Updating/Generating MIS reports and maintaining complete data.
* Invoice processing of concerned vendors
* Accountable for implementing the all compliance strategies. Providing guidance on
* compliance issues/aspects to the management/organization.
* Request, gather and compile information from legal experts as required
* Coordinate with legal counsel on matters of regulatory and policy interpretation


## Responsibilities

* Ensured the execution of the necessary compliances for individual Cell Sites within shortest
* possible time final accruement of a Cell site, after instructions from the Planning &
* Optimization Dept.
* Completion of all formalities and documentation within the shortest possible time for handing
* over individual sites to the implementation division to facilitate the immediate commencement
* of work at individual Cell Sites.
* Obtaining proper & valid permission from the local Govt. Authority within the shortest possible
* time to avoid any obstruction /objection during the continuance of the individual project.
* Liaisoning with Bihar State Pollution Control Board as well as Jharkhand Pollution Control
* Board for Pollution NOC for DG installed on Cell Site/ Offices.
* Liaisoning with Municipal Corporation, Nagar Parishad, Nagar Panchayat & Gram Panchayat
* for permission for various Cell sites throughout assigned territories;
* Obtaining Temporary / Permanent Electric Connection/ Load enhancement for various Cell
* sites.
* Bharti Infratel Limited, Patna — From May 2010 to Dec 2013
* Worked as Consultant Legal & Regulatory B & J circle and looking after DDR, Litigation and Lease
* Registration for entire Bihar & Jharkhand.
* Key Responsibilities
* Drafting of legal documents and contract, review and due diligence, Contract management,
* Litigation Management, and statutory compliances, Liasoning with Govt., semi-Govt. and
--- Page Break ---
* statutory authorities, Real estate acquisition, registration of the property document, legal and
* statutory audits, legal research, legal consultancy, legal recovery, Complaint/dispute
* resolution, advocate management and legal reporting.
* e Well experienced in managing the entire legal aspects for acquisition of real estate in Bihar
* and Jharkhand like due diligence of the acquisition process and property documents, drafting
* of lease and license agreement, title search, Seeking of the advocate opinion, liasoning with
* govt. and statutory authorities, documentation and registration of property documents..
* e Well Versed with Channel partner on boarding process, Litigation Management System,
* Document Management system.
* e Exposure in areas, including Telecom Laws & regulation, Property & Contract Law, Consumer
* Protection Laws, Negotiable Instrument Act, land registration and acquisition laws, statutory
* Laws, Procedural laws and constitutional matters.
* e Successfully registered the more then 98% legacy cell sites within a short tenure
* e The DDR of Cell sites cleared within TAT.


## Skills

* Ability to conduct research and strong focus on quality of work
* Creative and challenge oriented
* B.A. ( T. M. Bhagalpur University , 1998
* Bhagalpur
* BIEC, Patna sx —tas —— 64.66
* BSEB, Patna (1990 62.33


## Education

* Qualificatio University/Board Year
* 1 M. T. M. Bhagalpur University , a
* Bhagalpur
* LL. o Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi 2002 se 46
* Proficient in using MS Office, Excel, Power Point and the internet


## Personal Details

* Father’s Name: Late Umesh Chandra Choudhary
* Date of birth: 25 Dec 1975
* Permanent Address :- Mritunjay Choudhary
* C/o Sanjay Kumar Choudhary
--- Page Break ---
* Katiz Compound, Near HPO, Bhagalpur- 812001

