# 25083_121_dknarasimhanresume2022111827

## Contact Information



## D K Narasimhan

* Email Id: dndknrajO1@gmail.com
* Mobile : 09585523436 / 09080594500
* Date of Birth : 10 November 1968.


## Summary

* From 23% December 2019 till date working as Deputy Manager in the role of a Team
* Leader for Magma Fincorp Limited handling their NPA portfolio for Trichy, Madurai,
* Salem and Coimbatore areas in TamilNadu based out of Trichy
* Till 9" November 2019, worked as Manager — Revenue Assurance & Credit
* Control, in Edusmart Services Pvt. Limited, which is a pioneer in Digital Education
* in our Country looking after Collections of receivables from the written off cases
* and bad debts of this organization, covering Southern & Central Districts of
* Tamilnadu and Kerala, based out of Trichy since 26" August 2015.
* Till 25" August 2015, worked as Area Collections Head — Tamilnadu & Kerala in
* the Gold Loans Division of India Infoline Finance Limited, based out of Trichy
* since 2™ July 2014.
* Till 16" May,2014 was heading the Sales Team, in a Trichy based Realtor firm,
* which is currently developing a Satellite Township near Trichy, which is promoted
* by one of the directors of a leading Media of Southern India and handling a team
* of 14 members since May 2011.
* Till 5° May 2011, worked as Development Manager in ICICI Prudential Life
* Insurance Company Limited for a period of one year, since May 2010 attached to
* their Trichy Branch managing a team of 16 dedicated advisors.
* Had been a LBA for Reliance Communications PCO Division with an office based
* at Musiri and covering the Musiri territory in Trichy Rural District from September
* 2008 till April 2010.
* Also owned, from February 2009 till April 2010, the Distribution Agency for
* SMASH Under Garments, a product from the Royal Classic Group, Tirupur,
* manufacturers of Classic Polo T Shirts and Trousers, for Trichy, Thanjavur,
* Pudukottai, Tiruvarur, Nagapattinam, Karur, Perambalur and Ariyalur Districts.
* Previously, for a period of 18 years, | had served in the capacity of Branch
* Manager, as a Profit Centre head, in Non Banking Financial Companies, with
* excellent man management, Communication and analytical skills, apart from
* having acquired the necessary knowledge about Loan Disbursement procedures,
* the necessary knowledge of the legal implications pertaining to Collections
* portfolio, for various products in the automobile industry.
* Worked in Madurai, Trichy, Chennai, Pondicherry and Salem areas in
* TamilNadu in the same industry, of which | have spent around 14 years
* in Trichy, and also having born and brought up in Trichy City.


## Skills

* Ability to learn new things faster
* Team handling and motivating capacity
* Ability to manage multiple tasks in a pressured environment and detail oriented.
* Possessing excellent communication and negotiation skills and dependability in
* handling confidential matters
* Sincerity and dedication in executing assigned works and loyalty to the institution.
--- Page Break ---
* Willingness to delegate authority and knowing what to delegate to whom and when
* Willingness to travel extensively and ability to work for long hours


## Education

* B Sc Degree in Geology passed in the year 1989 with a University
* Rank from Bharathidasan University, Trichy
* MBA Part Time — Course Completed with last two papers not cleared yet.


## Employment

* Currently working in the role of a Team Leader in the 90+ Collections team, with a
* designation of a Deputy Manager in Magma Fincorp Limited handling the NPA
* portfolio consisting of Cars, Commercial Vehicles, Construction Equipments, Used Cars,
* Used Commercial vehicles, of Rest of TN area comprising of Trichy, Madurai, Salem and
* Coimbatore areas with a field strength of 10 members reporting to me. Apart from
* handling Collections from these customers, I also handle the Legal processes for
* Execution of Warrants against the defaulting customers and achieving the Resolutions
* through Execution of Arbitration Awards since 23% December 2019 till date.
* Till 9° November 2019, I handled the Revenue Assurance & Credit Control department,
* of Edusmart Services Pvt. Ltd., & Educomp Solutions Limited, wherein I assure
* that the Institutions, which are in the category of having to fight out Legal proceedings
* due to their default in remittances payable to the Company, to come for amicable
* settlement with the Company, in the State of Kerala, as well as the Central and
* Southern Districts of Tamil Nadu, since the 26" of August 2015.
* Till 25" August 2015, I was handling the Gold Loans Collections as Area Collections
* Head - Tamilnadu & Kerala, handling a total team of 16 members in two states and a
* huge portfolio of around 100000 customers, in India Infoline Finance Limited, based
* out of Trichy from 2"¢ July 2014.
* Till 16 May 2014, worked as Sales Head in Malar Properties Pvt. Ltd., Trichy, which
* is a leading Realtor firm in Trichy developing a Satellite Township near Trichy, promoted
* by one of Directors of a leading Media from Southern India, managing a team of 14
* members, prior to this present Sales assignment, I was in charge of Customer Care,
* Legal & Documentation, Loan Processing, apart from Receivables Management, wherein
* I was instrumental in getting the project approval for our project from nationalized,
* private banks, and private finance companies.
* Worked as Development Manager, at ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company
* Limited in their Trichy Branch managing a dedicated team of 16 advisors for a period
* of one year, since May 2010 maintaining very good performance levels
* In the meantime from September 2008 to April 2010 I had taken up a Business
* Associate franchisee with Reliance Communications PCO Division, for Musiri in
* Trichy Rural District and had also an experience of running a Business Unit on my own
* to improve the presence of Reliance PCO in the neighboring rural areas of Musiri Taluk
* During the period between February 2009 and April 2010 I also took up the
* Distribution Assignment of Smash Undergarments with Classic Polo Company,
* Tirupur wherein I had got the personal experience of a Supply Chain Management
* activity for the Central Districts of Tamilnadu having my office in Trichy
* Worked as Branch Head, at Magma Shrachi Finance Limited, Trichy taking care of
* the Commercial Vehicles business in their office apart from handing the operations of
* the Branch, from January end 2008 till end of August 2008.Being the Branch Head I
* was in charge for the achievement of the Collection efficiency of the total branch
* Worked as Manager Passenger Car Sales in Salem Branch since June 2007 till January
* 2008 at TML Financial Services Limited, which is the financial services arm of Tata
* Motors Limited under the Brand Name Tata Motor Finance prior to which worked as
* Branch Manager, Trichy, since September 2000, prior to which I was the Branch
* Manager of the Pondicherry Branch for a period of 13 months from July 1999 to
* August 2000 and prior to which I had worked for the same company at their Chennai
--- Page Break ---
* Office as Assistant Manager Marketing since April 1999. The responsibilities held
* were Marketing, Collections and Channel partners’ management and covering a seven
* districts territory. In the total 9 years, being the Branch Head I was in charge of
* maintaining the Collection efficiency of the total Branch.
* e Worked as Assistant Manager Truck Finance in Apple Credit Corporation Limited,
* Trichy from August 1994 to March 1999 where in I was taking care of Marketing
* and Collections
* e Worked as Branch In Charge at Ashok Leyland Finance Limited, in Madurai and
* Trichy since December 1989 to July 1994 where in I was handling both Car and
* Truck Finance and also Fixed Deposits of the Company.
* Additional Information
* Sex Male
* Martial status Married
* Nationality Indian
* Locational Preference
* Permanent Address
* Latest Salary details
* Salary Expected
* Reference


## Languages

* Signature
* Place : Trichy
* : 11" April 2021
* Anywhere in Tamilnadu, if possible in Trichy
* Flat No. 308, Block III
* Shri Vijaya Rengam Apartments,
* 24, Veereswaram Approach Road,
* Manghalam Estates, Royartope,
* Srirangam, Trichy — 620006
* Mobile: 09585523436/9080594500
* Rs. 8.70 lakhs per annum
* Rs. 10.88 lakhs per annum
* MR S BALACHANDRAN, M. Com, ML, MBA, FCA
* Professor, Department of Management Studies,
* SASTRA University,
* Vallam Campus, Thanjavur
* Mobile 9442359192


## Mr Choppavarappu Lenin Babu

* State Head — Collections
* RBL Bank Limited,
* Chennai, Mobile 9176661101
* Speak : Tamil, English, Hindi, Malayalam
* Read and Write : Tamil, English, Hindi
--- Page Break ---

