# 25606_121_nikhilresume2022112227

## Contact Information



## Nikhil K Joseph  

* To use the best of my skills for the betterment of the organization I work in, thereby gain
* Ada professional satisfaction and a prosperous career that will allow me to expand upon my


## Profile

* ERNAKULAM DISTRICT, Year of
* KERALA, INDIA Institution Board/University Passing Aggregation
* PIN: 686673 RAINING. Mar Severios
* Memorial (Pvt.) NCVT 2014 70%


## Institute .

* PHONE No: +91 8943142886 (ITT) ITI, Piravom
* Mar Stephen
* E-mail Id: HIGHER Vocational Kerala Board of
* nikhiljoseph26@gmail.com SECONDARY | Higher Secondary Public 65%
* COURSE school, Valakom, Examinations
* Muvattupuzha
* St.Mary’s Boy’s
* P 1 Data: .
* ersonal Data Higher Secondary Kerala Board of
* School, Public 65%
* Date of Birth : 01/10/1992 Arakuzha, Examinations
* Sex » Male Muvattupuzha
* Nationality —: Indian
* Marital Status: Single


## Skills

* Malayalam, English, Hindi, and
* > Design Software : AutoCAD
* Tamil
* > Microsoft Office : MS-Excel, MS-Word
* Good Team Builder.
* Self-controlled.
* Hard Working.
* Vv V WV
--- Page Break ---
* > Flexible, innovative, supportive.
* > Goal oriented, dedicated and positive.
* > Good organization skill and team player.


## Hobbies 

* Reading Books, Fishing, Playing
* Football, and Cricket


## Experience

* > May, 2016 — May, 2019: CRE at TATA MOTOR FINANCE
* > July, 2019 — Jan, 2019: CRE at MUTHOOT CAPITAL FINCORP
* > Mar, 2019 — till date: SRC at POONAWALA FIN CORP LTD.


## Area Of Interest

* > Production.
* > Power Generation method.
* > Manufacturing Process.


## Reference Details

* Mr. Dinu Joseph
* HDB Finance
* Ph.No.: +91-9946334066


## Declaration

* I do here by declare that the particulars of information and facts stated herein above are true, correct and complete
* to the best of my knowledge and belief.
* Place : MUVATTUPUZHA, ERNAKULAM. °
* Date : 22-11-2022 NIKHIL K JOSEPH

