# 25731_120_lalitresume12022111619

## Contact Information



## Lalit Kumar

* Contact: (M), 8376903539, 9350226032 ~ Email: lalit_forever1980@yahoo.com
* Address: Village- Bagh Ranap, Loni, Ghaziabad, U.P. — 201102.
* Seeking assignments in Legal Operations with an organization of repute.
* Synopsis
* e A qualified professional with 13 years' experience in handling legal matters relating to Legal
* Matters.


## Employment

* e Presently working with Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. as Deputy Manager (Legal) formerly known as
* Magma Fincorp Ltd. looking after with work assigned for Delhi/NCR From 05.05.2020 to till date.


## Profile

* Filing of Execution Petitions after maturity of Award in Major hub locations — Delhi & NCR,.
* Follow-up with advocates with regard to filing of EP and legal documentation required
* To execute the Warrant of the cases filed u/s 138 NI.
* To file and monitor the Police Complaint filed u/s-156 (3 ) Cr P.C for registering the FIR against
* defaulter.
* e Filing of Superdari Application before the Hon’ble Court or Police station for releasing the
* vehicle in question.
* e Took the regular follow-up with advocate for Next day listed matters and discussed the strategy.
* To put the appearance in different courts on daily basis as an A.R. and resolved the query of courts
* pertaining to case to case.
* Execution of Warrant of Attachment with Court Bailiffs
* For prepare the next day schedule & analysis of various MIS/Tracker.
* Tracking and updation of Daily Movement of Executions Matters
* Tracking the Legal Tools for optimum utilization.
* Support to collection department
* Meeting with customer in High Ticket Matters
* Responsible for End-to-End SARFAESI Actions e.g. 13(2) Notices, Replies 13 (3A) through
* advocate, 13(4), Sec 14.
* Affixation of possession notice through recovery team
* Taking Physical Possession of Mortgaged property through Court receiver u/s Sec 14.
* Valuation of the Mortgaged Property through Authorised Valuer
* Publication of E-Auction Sale notice in leading newspapers
* Affixation of Sale Notice through recovery team
* Sale of Property/Auction
* Legal recovery with collection team with the help of legal tools in high ODPOS matters.
--- Page Break ---


## Experience

* Previous associated with AU Small Finance Bank Ltd. As Deputy Manager looking after with
* work assigned for Delhi/NCR From 05.11.2018 to 30.04.2020.
* Worked in Magma Fincorp Ltd. as Asst. Manager (Legal) looking after with work assigned for
* Delhi, Ghaziabad, Bulandshar, Hapur, Meerut and Noida Since 01.10.2012 to 03.11.2018.
* Worked at INDIA BULLS SECURITIES LTD. as an Executive in A/c Opening Department 04-
* Feb.2006 to 20-Aug-2007.
* Independent Assignments
* Worked as an Associate Lawyer with senior Advocate Sh. Girish Sharma at Tis Hazari Court Delhi since
* Dec.2008 to May 2012.
* Scholastic Credentials
* LLB from C.C.S. University, Meerut in 2007
* M.A. from C.C.S. University, Meerut in 2004.
* Father’s Name Sh. Ram Lal
* Present Address H.No.-1028, Bagh Ranap,
* Post-Loni, Distt. -Ghaziabad,-201102
* Date of Birth 05-Feb-1980
* Marital Status Married
* Gender Male
* Nationality Indian
* Hobbies Light Music , Traveling


## Declaration

* I hereby declare that all the statement made in this application are true and correct to the best of my
* knowledge and belief.
* Date: (LALIT KUMAR)

