# 25834_120_nirannkresume2022111624

## Contact Information

* Email : nkniran@gmail.com


## Objective

* To obtain a suitable position to your esteemed organization that will enable me to use my strong professional
* skills and relevant experience for the benefit of the organization and also for the advancement of my
* professional carrier.


## Experience

* Total 11 years of experience in Accounting/ Payroll/ Tax consultation, Financial Management and
* Operation management
* 6+years of experience in Banking Operational Management.
* Poonawalla Fincorp - Kannur
* Branch Operation Manager From March 2020 to till
* Branch Functional Operation
* Customer on board support
* To monitor and review financial systems and procedures and recommend, devise and implement more
* effective and efficient procedures.
* Maintain records and receipts for all daily transactions.
* Ensure financial records are kept up to date with the latest transactions and changes.
* Contribute to financial audits.
* te #
--- Page Break ---
* Your like- Asian paints dealership — Palayad — Thalassery
* Entrepreneur From 2015 to 2018
* Magma Fin Corp Ltd (NBFC) - 2nd Floor, J.R. Complex, Talap Road 670004 T: 0497-2707881
* Kannur Kerala
* Operation Officer _From Dec 2010 to Dec 2014
* Working as an Operation Officer at Magma Fin Corp
* Delivery order Issue and payment releasing
* Pdd controlling
* Generating Cibil and Experian
* File checking
* Handling customer queries and solving customer service related problems
* Loan disbursement
* Branch administration
* Shipping Cooperation of India
* Seaman
* From August 2009 to November 2010
* Accountant
* From 2007 to 2008
* Trained and worked as an Accountant under a Charted Accountant (1Years)


## Skills

* Interpersonal, organizational and problem solving skills.
* Strong computer skills, Well experienced with Microsoft Office.
* Possession of good Mathematical skills and Accountancy.
* Administration and coordination of all activities involving the banking and operational process. In order to
* maximize bottom line profits and achieve competitive advantage through the application of best practices in
* the financial management


## Education

* Bachelor of Commerce in Calicut University, Kerala, India
* Diploma in Computerized Financial Management
* Higher Secondary - Commerce
* High School


## Languages

* English, Hindi, and Malayalam
* Personal Information’s
* Date of Birth : 3 June 1984
* Sex : Male
* Nationality : Indian
* Religion : Hindu
* Marital Status : Married
* Permanent Home Address _ : Karadiyil House, Palayad (Po) Kannur, kerala, India. 670661
* | solemnly declare that all cited things are true and faith to my knowledge and my honesty.
* Thank you,
* Niran Nk

