# 26370_120_rageshmkcv12022111623

## Contact Information



## Ragesh Mk

* Page 2 of 2


## Contact

* \ +91 9567912129
* BX rageshmk4@gmail.com
* mi Kannur, Kerala, India


## Bachelor Of Commerce | 2014

- Kannur University


## Higher Secondary | 2011 | 82%

- Board of Higher Secondary
* Examination, Kerala, India


## Sslc | 2009 | 80%

- Board of Public Examination,
* Kerala, India


## Qualifications

* =" Diploma in Computerized
* Financial Accounting
* = MS office Packages


## Skills

* problem solving and listening
* SERVICE - Having a client focused
* Attentiveness and a positive
* language.
* ORGANIZATION - Helping others,
* organizing a to-do list. Prioritizing
* tasks by the deadline for
* improving time -management.
* MANAGEMENT- Management
* others performance.
* Attention to detail Time Management Interpersonal ability
* Detail Oriented Hardworking Nar aa lemSL AILS


## Career Abridgement

* To achieve a challenging position in a professional organization through
* self - improvement by excelling in all responsibilities with sincere hard
* work, dedication & commitment. To work towards the development of
* the organization & grow with it.


## Employment

* SENIOR BRANCH OPERATIONS OFFICER | 2018 - Present


## Senior Branch Operations Officer

- Tracking operational costs toward maintaining profit-margins.
- Acceptance of Cash & customer service
- Cross sell of finance products
- Verification of customer document & loan disbursement
- Preparations of branch business report
- Maintenance of Branch Day to day operations
- Petty cash management Developing company policies and ensuring
* compliance.
- Ensuring positive client, supplier, and vendor relationships.


## Accounts In Charge

- Maintainace of day-to-day accounting operations
- Preparations of monthly report
- Cash management & Bank reconciliation
- Statutory requirements preparation VAT, SERVICE TAX &TDS
- Branch auditing on monthly basis
- Resolving accounts to the general ledger.
- Contacting clients about transactions and invoices.
- Handling queries related to accounts.
* Page 1 of 2
--- Page Break ---


## Computer Proficiency Personal Dossier

* MS Word/ Excel x %&*&* Gender : Male
* MS PowerPoint yk kk*k Date of Birth : 27-07-1994
* Tal S-idal=1at-alo\-] | ed Nationality : Indian


## Languages

* Permanent Address : Manikunnol house
* aa PE
* Walks 90% Kanndiparamba - 670604
* CS Kannur, Kerala, India
* Hindi Pe


## Passport Details

* SSS Passport Number : R4204105
* Gy aN Ba Date of Issue : 22-11-2017
* Yo) a] 243 aN e-\.=) 10) OUT 2 8 AT) Date of Expiry > 21-11-2027
* Place of Issue : Kozhikode


## Reference

* Se YA 14 DECLARATION
* Poonawalla Fincorp
* Senior Branch Operations
* +919605063702 the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars
* | hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is true and | bear

