# 26543_120_ajeetcv2022111842

## Contact Information



## Allahabad - 211004

* =] +91-9936406799
* ajeetpatelsanju@gmail.com


## Objective

* To work with sincerity and devotion, motivating others and seeking help from respected seniors in
* moving towards career development.


## Work Experence

* > Working in Khanduja Associates (CPV/FI Agency) on behalf of GE Money Finance at
* Allahabad since March-2006 to March-2007 as Office Executive of Personal & Consumer
* Loan.
* > Working in Khanduja Associates (CPA Agency) on behalf of HDFC Bank Ltd. at
* Allahabad since April-2007 to June-2012 as CPA Executive of TW, Personal, Business,
* Auto & Used Car Loan.
* > Working in E-NXT Financials Ltd. on behalf of Tata Motors Finance Ltd. at Allahabad
* since Dec 2012 to May-2014 as Branch User (CPA) of Passenger Car & Commercial
* Vehicle Loan.
* > Currently working with Magma Fincorp Ltd. at Allahabad since June 2014 to Nov 2019 as
* Sr. Executive - Ops & Account.
* > Currently working with Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. at Allahabad since Jan 20271 to till date
* as Sr. Executive - Ops & Account.


## Key Responsibilities |

* Co ordinate with Sales, Credit Team
* Responsible for all Account, Credit & Operation related work.
* Actively involved in checking important papers of the customers for seeking the loans (File
* disbursement)
* Preparation of the tracker & all Credit & Operation MIS the same was directly reported to the
* Reporting Manager.
* Regular send updated Tracker, TAT MIS, Benchmark and daily rework.


## Profile

* > Over 10 years experience of Credit & Operation Work in Finance Sector.
* > Appraising proposals, conducting risk analysis & scrutinizing relevant documents for loan
* Sanction & loan disburse, ensuring compliance with organizational Credit & Operations.
* > An excellent planner with proven abilities in accelerating growth, generating customer
* loyalty levels and serving institutions and corporate sector customers effectively.
* > Monitoring the overall functioning of processes, identifying improvement areas and
* implementing adequate measures to maximize customer satisfaction level & reduce TAT
--- Page Break ---
* > Exceptional skills in communication, presentation with demonstrated abilities in training,
* team building and driving frontlines/executives to achieve goals.
* Vv
* Check file for Loan in the competency level in respect to norms, terms and documentation.
* As per policy and login.
* Responsible for final checking of files for disbursement to be sent to HO department.
* Improve sourcing quality as rejection ratio cuts down to < 1%.
* Maintain 100% TAT for all products.
* This results the region to have minimum discrepancy.


## Vv Vv Wv

* Responsible for maintaining monthly all trackers & sending to the Reporting Manager.


## Academic Qualification

* > High School from U P Board in the year 1997.
* > Intermediate from U P Board in the year 2000.
* > BA from Allahabad University In the year 2005.
* >
* Diploma in computer Application from Sai Institute of Computer Center in 2005.


## Skills

* I have knowledge of Microsoft Office, Outlook, Lotus and below software-
* LOS — for file processing in HDFC & TATA
* SAP & SAP CRM -— for all operation work in TATA
* DMS Captiva — for file scanning in TATA
* Oracle — for file processing in Magma
* Omni scan - for file scanning in Magma
* Also confidently work in Internet. Hindi & English Typing with proper speed. Preparing all kind of
* Credit & Operation related MIS on MS Excel


## Strengths |

* Hard working.
* Ability to cope with pressure and short Deadlines.
* Strong Conviction.
* Conceptual and lateral thinking
* Statistical and analytical bent of mind
* Broad-scanning and critical Information seeking


## Achievementes

* There is no payment related disputes with customer.
* This region gains Minimum Diligence.
* File processing in given TAT.


## Hobbies /Interest

* Listening Music, Playing Chess & Indoor games.
--- Page Break ---


## Personal Details

* > Date of Birth 02 May’ 1982
* > Father’s name Sri Ram Bahadur Patel


## Languages

* > Marital Status Married
* > Children 1 Daughet & 1 Son
* > Nationality , Indian
* Date - (AJEET KUMAR PATEL)


## References

* Mr. ANKIT NIGAM
* (Operation Manager - HDB Financial service Ltd.)
* =] +91-9336140524
* Mr. Ramendra Kumar Pandey
* (BM Allahabad -Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd.)
* El +91-7985240755

