# 26821_120_cv_shilpakheria2022112136

## Contact Information



## Shilpa Kheria (Cma)

* Mobile : 7004584167 /9934175579
* E-mail : shilpa123.kheria@gmail.com


## Career Contour

* A result oriented technically focused professional willing to learn and explore new things and
* constantly strive for quality output. I seek to apply my skills and experience to steer
* progressively both the growth of my career as well as that of the organization.


## Education

* Institution Performance
* Cost and Management
* Accountant
* ICAI Dec, 2018 52.50
-Com (Hons.) LNMU University 2017 71.94
* LNMU University 2014 67


## C.B.5.E 2011 77.2

* 75.6


## Work Exposure

* Poonawalla Fincorp Limited (Formerly Magma Fincorp Limited)
* Designation: Deputy Manager (Taxation) Mar’2021 till-Present
* Key Deliverables :-
* v¥ Handling Tax assessment of Holding and its group companies, Preparation and
* filing of replies, petitions and making representation before the authorities for
* Assessment, Appeal, Order, Refunds.
* Study and research on tax pronouncements and referring new stands for
* implementation resulting in lower tax outgo as well as educating and updating
* others team members.
* Preparation of notes or opinions on the different topics post complete Research
* from various sources and its implementation if in favor of the organization.
* Assistance in fulfilment of GST compliance so that no future hassle at the time of
* assessment or audit.
* PricewaterhouseCoopers Co LLP
* Designation: Senior Analyst Jan’2020 to Feb’ 2021
* Key Deliverables :-
* v
* Perusing the departmental Letter/Query/SCN issued, and list of requirements
* sought by the GSTAuthorities and intimating clients about the documents and
* information;
* Drafting of Letter/Replies to be submitted before the adjudicating authority if
--- Page Break ---
* the refund claimed isremanded by and assistance in submission of letter;
* Vv Drafting and filing of appeals before Commissioner (Appeals) / CESTAT(Tribunal)
* against the orders passedby the tax authorities in connection with the refund claims;
* v Assist in drafting and filing of additional submissions before or during the course of
* personal hearings;
* v Preparation and Review of GST Annual Return based on Records produced and
* reconciliation of GST Returns filed with Books of Accounts maintained;
* e Experience of handling clientele of following Industries:
* =» Samsung R&D Institute Bangalore (India) Pvt Ltd
* 1. Software and
* « Ariba Technologies India Private Limited
* echnology
* » Autodesk India Private Limited
* . Pharmaceuticals = Apotex Research Private Limited
* Dhanania & Associate (GST Dost)
* Designation: Senior Consultant Apr’-19 to Dec’ 20
* Key Deliverables :-


## Goods & Service Tax(Gst)

* v Responsible for routine compliances on GST such as filing monthly returns and
* monitoring input credit to ensure no loss of credit, etc.
* Vv Review of working of tax liability towards GST and reconciliation thereof with Returns
* filed and Books;
* v Identification and Verification of ineligible input tax credit and reversal thereof;
* v Preparation of various statutory registers such as ITC Register, RCM Register and others
* required to be maintained as per the GST Law;
* Y Reconciliation of Books of Accounts with the returns filed for the purpose of GST
* Annual Return and GST Reconciliation Statement i.e., GST Audit.
* e Experience of handling clientele of following Industries:
* 1. Steel Industry =Nezone Tubes Ltd
* 2. Mineral & Iron Ore "Vedika Metals Pvt Ltd
* "GS Refregeration Pvt Ltd
* "Shanker Logistics Pvt Ltd
* " Alok Transport
* 4, Transportation


## Axticleship Exposure

* MSTC LIMITED, (A Govt. Of India Undertaking) Sep’ 17 to Mar’18
* Vv Preparation, Opening and Amendment of Import LC and Export LC along with
* discounting;
* ¥ Communication on Bank Guarantee topics and administration topics with local treasury
* teams and Head Quarter;
* v¥ Tracking import documents under LC/Guarantees with the banks;
--- Page Break ---
* v Processing claims, reconciliation of bank fees and commissions.
* NAYAK & CO. (CMA FIRM) Apr’16 to Oct’16
* v Preparation of vouchers, Accounting entries in tally.
* Y Scrutinized general ledger Reconciliations.
* v Filing of income tax return of individual.


## Computer Exposure

* = Working Knowledge of Cygnet File GST, Tally ERP 9 and Oracle.
* = Highly Proficient in MS Excel 365 and 2016 version.
* = Successfully completed-ITT, Communication Skill Program and Orientation Program.


## Personal Details

* Date of Birth 04-11-1994
* Fathers Name Mr. Kamal Kumar Kheria
* Marital Status Single


## Languages

* Strength : Flexible, Consistent, and like to work in team
* Interest : Reading Newspapers, Listening music
* Permanent Address Gandhi Chowk, Bada Bazar Darbhanga (Bihar)


## Declaration

* I, declare that the information specified in the Curriculum Vitae is true to the best of my belief
* and knowledge and correctly describes my experience and myself.

