# Resume

## Contact Information



## Kushagra Yadav

* Kushagrayadav201 5ftp@gmail.com
* 8181828506


## Summary

* I'm Hard working and goal oriented person. | have diversified skills, knowledge and experience that will
* fulfil the potential objectives of the Organization.


## Objective

* | am a highly driven recent business school graduate seeking a full-time
* position in finance where | can lend my knowledge of market analytics to help
* your organization improve profitability


## Education

* Degree!Course Year Of Passing
* Master Of Business Swami 65.25% 2021
* Administration Vivekanand
* Shubharti
* University


## C.S.J.M

* Bachelor Of Science University Kanpur 50.33% 2015


## Experience

* 31/07/2018 - 28/02/2021 Organization - Shriram Transport Finance Company Ltd .
* Designation — Junior Executive
* Responsibility - Business Processing & Back Office Management
* and Branch Cross Sale Head
* 01/03/2021 — Till Now Organization - Magma Fincorp Ltd .
* Designation - Executive
* Responsibility - Branch Operation Officer & Branch Cross Sale
* Head


## Skills

* Sales « Team Building * Problem Solving * Decision Making


## Achievements

--- Page Break ---
* 1.Successfully completed course on STFC fixed deposit in Shri Ram Transport
* Company Finance Ltd. * Successfully completed course on Information Security
* Management System in Shri Ram Transport Company Finance Ltd. * Successfully
* completed course on STFC Induction programme in Shri Ram Transport Company
* Finance Ltd. * Successfully completed Course on Business Cash Flows in Shri Ram
* Transport Company Finance Ltd. * Participated online Course of NAAC on Management
* Development Programme on HR Analytics . * Participated online Course
* of NAAC on Management Development Programme on Finance and Accounts for Business Managers.


## Strength

* Knowledge of Accounts & Finance, Sales & Marketing.
* Excel, Word and Basic Computer Knowledge.


## Area Of Interest

* Team Working and Sales activity


## Hobbies

* Music, Travelling


## Personal Details

* Father's Name ROHIT KUMAR
* Address Nappi Ka Hata Hariharganj Fatehpur (212601)
* Date Of Birth 01/07/1995
* Gender Male
* Marital Status Single
* Nationality Indian
* Language Hindi
* English


## Declaration

* ” “|
* "| hereby declare that the information provided is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
* hereby declare that all the information mentioned above is free from error to the best of my knowledge
* and | bear responsibility for any deviation from them at any later stage.”

