# 26861_120_abhinewcvpl2022111650

## Contact Information



## Abhilash K Mohan

* © abhilashk915@gmail.com


## About Me

* Hard work, determination, perseverance, and self-belief are the tools with which | relate myself. | assure to work hard and
* render services to the organization for which | am working, to the best of my ability. Trust to get good, quality exposure in the
* Company.
* @ +918921592131
* Regional coordinator with over 2 years of experience training and supervising sales staff while planning
* and implementing sales strategies over a multi-Location territory. Seeking to bring my proven track
* record of launching successful marketing campaigns and team-leading into a management position.


## Experience

* @ OPS Senior Executive Apr-2022 Present


## > Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd Pathanamthtta.

* e@ Regional co-rdinator-July-2018 -March-2021


## > Icici Bank Pathanamthitta.

* @ Control room operator Jun-2015 -June-2017


## > Almoyed Contracting Company Bahrain.

* e Ticketing Executive Jul-2011 -Mar-2015


## > Indo Kerala Tours And Travels Pathanamthitta.

--- Page Break ---
* Responsibilities:-


## O

* v


## Skills

* VVVV V Vv


## Vv Wv

* Coordinate Auto Loan sales team by managing schedules, communicating relevant information like policy and Schemes.
* Provided detail-oriented administrative support to 46+ coworkers to ensure efficient office operations.
* Managed payroll and benefits for 30+ employees, including solving any related problems.
* Deal with customer feedback, enquiries, complaints, and Cancellation.
* Provide maintenance support of the office.
* Provide employment related administrative support to the HR Team
* Coordinates and assist with the new hire process, paperwork, ID creating, coordinating orientation and support training
* Manage office supplies and purchases.
* Monitor the team’s progress, identify shortcomings, and propose improvement.
* Communicated closely with the Head of Operations regarding the needs, concerns, or issues in the office.
* Maintain good relationship with dealership an sales representative.
* Assist in the preparation and organizing event with the dealership
* Maintain data in Excel with V-lookup, Concatenate, Trim, Pivot, etc.
* Preparing daily, monthly, and yearly MIS
* Supported office staff by organizing company events, meetings, and scheduling.
* Store and sort financial and non-financial data in electronic form and present reports
* Provide all the needed information on promoted products and services
* Build lasting relationships with customers by contacting them to follow up on
* Engage with customer and discover their wants and needs
* Attending company Certification, Training and Meetings


## Education

* Bachelor of Commerce (BCOM) Graduated
* Madurai Kamaraj University
* Diploma in Travel and tourism. Graduated
* VOCCATIONAL HIGHER SECONDARY. Graduated
* Board of Vocational Higher Secondary Examination. Kerala
* S SLC (KERALA) Graduated
* An up-to-date knowledge and understanding of your employer's business and industry needs, as well as the
* technical demands
* To recognize the importance of customer focus and/or of serving the needs of the end user
* Excellent communication skills, particularly the ability to communicate with staff who aren't technically trained
* The skill to take on a variety of tasks and pay attention to detail
* Analytical and problem-solving ability
* Teamwork skills and the ability to feel comfortable working with different teams, and groups of staff across an
* organization
* Strong Organizational skills and the ability to priorities your workload
* Conflict Resolution
* Attention to detail and adaptable to change
* © Computer Proficiency
* Microsoft Word
* Microsoft Excel
* Microsoft Libra office
* Microsoft Power Point


## Vvv Wv

--- Page Break ---


## Languages

* > English
* > Hindi
* > Malayalam


## Personal Details

* Father’s Name: Mr. Mohanan k.
* Marital Status: Married
* Gender : Male
* Nationality : Indian
* >
* >
* >
* >
* OQ Pathanamthitta, Kerala, IND
* © Nov 13, 1991
* 9 Passport No. U4840973
* Declaration
* |, Abhilash k mohan, hereby declare that the information contained herein is true and correct to the best of my
* knowledge and belief.
* Abhilash k mohan Kerala

