# Resume

## Contact Information

* Email: suguptta@gmail.com


## Experience

* < POONAWALLA FINCORP LIMITED = March 21 to till date.
* > Joined as a TL-Telecaller (0-90)HL & SME. Now working as a State Collection Manager (0-90) LAP & SME.
* ¢ Freelancer: = Oct. 2012 to Sept. 2020
* > Handling all kinds of loans/collection including Project Financing, LAP, Auto Loans, HL, PL, BL & Properties sale.
* < MAGMA FINCORP LIMITED - Oct. 2012 to Sept. 2020
* > Joined as a TL- Telecaller (0-30) ABF. Handling 20 TC’s and 40 FE’s till March 2013.
* > Transferred & working as TL 60+ ABF from April 2013. Handling 60+ collection, Asset repossession, Yard management, Customer Service and Legal tools execution till Sept. 2017.
* > Transferred & working as a F&F TL From Oct.2017. Handling 60+ SRC’s in terms of implements and runs the monitoring mechanism & MIS to ensure that each parameter of KPI is constantly measured, reported, analyses &
* improved. Educates & trains the team members on the policy requirement. Ensures and checks that collection policies & standards are being implemented at the ground level. Ensures the compliance is followed is rigorously. RCA of non-
* performers and informed seniors for corrective action.


## ~ Shriram Equipment Finance Ltd.

* Manager — Collections - Jan.2011 to Oct. 2012
* > Managing collections of all buckets. Handled 5 BM’s & 18 FE’s. Responsible for employee development, training and ensure to achieved monthly & yearly targets assigned by the origination. Asset Repossession, disposal. Legal filing
* and executions. Review with team for daily activity.


## ~ Magma Fincorp Limited

* Team Leader = Collection = Jan. 2008 to Dec. 2010
* > Responsible for 60+ recovery of ABF & ICICI/CITY pool. Legal filing, Repo & Sale.


## * Orix Auto And Business Solution Ltd.

* Senior Collection Officer - July. 2001 to Dec. 2007
* > Responsible for all bucket collection, legal filing, Asset repo & disposals.


## < Ge Cpital Tfs Ltd.

* Collection Officer - Nov.1998 to Jun. 2001
* > Responsible for all bucket collection, legal filing, Asset repo & disposals.
* > Handled outsourced collection/recovery agency of GE Countrywide also.
* “ Ess Kay Finserve Pvt. Ltd.
* Manager Accounts — May 1997 to Oct. 1998
* > Responsible for day-to-day accounts, Credit appraisals before disbursement, Coordinate with dealers for asset delivery and admin work.


## “* Glob Transport Pvt. Ltd.

* Assistant - Yard management & Accounts = April 1989 to April.1997
* > Handled goods loading & unloading inventory. Coordinating with clients and dispatching the goods. Maintenance of goods within in place, prepare report & submit to Senior’s.
* > Supervises and coordinates activities of workers engaged in yard management.


## Achievements

* 1. Awarded as a Champion of Q2 in 2015 & hold a top position in North Zone at Magma.
* 2. Achieved 2..position amongst pan India as a target achiever in March 2012 & got special incentive at Shriram Equipment.
* 3. Achieved foreign trip in March 2011 at Magma.
* 4. Awarded as a top performer amongst pan India as a target achiever at GE capital.


## Education

* ® B.Com. 1987.
* ® DOB: 12.Dec. 1965
* ® Father’s Name: Late Shri B. L. Gupta
* @® Address: C-115, Murlipura, Jaipur-39


## Skills

* © Hands on MS Office, Gmail, Outlook, Lotus Note, Oracle.

