# 27224_121_kommumadhucv2022111638

## Contact Information



## Curriculum-Vitae

* Madhu Kommu
* 9849811772
* kmadhuyadav.96@gmail.com


## Objective

* Seeking a challenging position in knowledge based corporate company with good job
* profile so that | can get into continuous learning and update myself. | like to place myself in this fast-
* moving world where | can work with committed and dedicated people which will help me explore
* fully my management skills to maximum. Willing to work as a key player in a challenging and
* creative environment


## Summary

* ¢ 10 years of experience in Collections, Sales & Marketing.
* ¢ Expertise in Collections & Customer Interaction.
* ¢ Good knowledge in various Sectors of Sales, Marketing & Collection.
* ¢ Excellent communication, interpersonal skills and negotiation skills.
* ¢ Ability to deal with people diplomatically.
* ¢ Highly self-motivated, independent, resourceful & good team player.


## Education

* ¢ B.Com Graduation from Osmania University, Hyderabad
* ¢ Diploma in commercial and computer practice from SRRS Polytechnic.
* ¢ SSC from Sri Saraswathi Vidya mandir, Manakondur


## Skills

* ¢ Operating Systems : DOS, Windows 98 & Windows 2000 Professionals
* ¢ MS-Office2000 Tools : MS-Word, MS-Excel, MS-PowerPoint & MS-Access


## Current Organization

* POONAWALLA FINCORP LTD (Formerly known as MAGMA FINCORP LTD) - as
* DEPUTY MANAGER from May’2021... (Product: CE, CV and CAR)
* Location Handled — Karimnagar, Mancherial and Warangal, Nizamabad
* ¢ Handling a team of 10 collection officers...
* ¢ Maintaining a Portfolio of 17 Crore POS Value Of 0-90 Buckets
* ¢« Achieving POS Resolution % Targets in Bucket wise,
* ¢ Resolving high POS customers through personal visits
--- Page Break ---


## Previous Organizations

* India bulls Consumer Finance Ltd —- as COLLECTION MANAGER from Nov’2019 to May’21
* Location Handled — Karimnagar old District
* ¢ Handling a team of 50 collection officers and 6 Team Leaders
* ¢ Maintaining a Portfolio of 21 Crore Outstanding Comprising X-Bucket to 180+ and
* 365+ Buckets
* ¢ Achieving Resolution % Target in X-Bucket and Cash Collection Targets in Bucket wise
* Bajaj Finance Itd — as Assistant Manager - from August’2018 to Nov’2019
* Locations Handled - Karimnagar, Warangal Districts
* ¢ Handling Collection team to achieve given targets
* ¢ Personally visit for problematic customers with executives
* ¢ Resolving high POS customers through personal visit
* ¢ Maintain good relationship with Showroom Dealer
* ¢ MIS preparation daily
* Tata motors Finance Itd — as Team Leader - from June’2015 to July ‘2018,
* Locations Handled - Karimnagar, Mancherial, Warangal & Nizamabad
* ¢ Handling Collection team to achieve given targets
* Co-ordination with team members in getting the collection related issues
* coordinating with the collection agency in a daily basis
* ¢ Monitoring collection and repossession process
* ¢ MIS preparation daily
* Hinduja Leyland Finance Ltd —as Marketing Officer — from June’12 to June’15
* ¢ Handling Sales team and Collection team to achieve the targets given.
* Coordinating with team members in getting the finance related issues and conversion of
* Maximum Deals into business.
* ¢ Ensuring Minimum TAT for getting approvals and payments.
* ¢ To Collect the Post Delivery Documents after disbursement of the loan.
* Indus Ind Bank Ltd, Karimnagar — as Counter Staff — April ‘11 to May’12
* ¢ Personally, visiting prospective customers seeking Finance on 2-Wheeler Loans.
* ¢ Co-ordination with Dealers for finalization and conversion of Deals into business.
* ¢ To Collect the Post Delivery Documents after disbursement of the loan.


## Profile

* Name Madhu Kommu
* Father Name Ilaiah
* Date of Birth 6tn May 1987
* Marital status Married


## Languages

* Nationality Indian - Hindu
* Permanent Address H.no: 2-69, Manakondur, Karimnagar - 505469
* Place: Karimnagar
--- Page Break ---

