# 27339_120_hemantrathorresume12022111759

## Contact Information



## Hemant Rathor

* Mobile: +91-8237411305 ~ E-Mail: mail2hemantrathor@gmail.com
* Godrej Infinity Keshav Nagar, (Pune)
* Brier OVERVIEW
* B. Tech (Computer Science) with first-class from Rajasthan Technical University, Jaipur.
* General Management executive program, Business administration and strategic management from -
* IIM Lucknow”
* Professional with over 4.9 years of experience in Product, COE & Call Centre Campaign Management
* — Rural Lending — Bajaj Finserv and 12 months experience in COE/Call Centre at Poonawalla Fincorp.
* Well, equipped with Product Development & Design finance product on System, Involve in
* data analytics related assignments and Campaign Management.
* 1.5 years of experience in IBM UNICA Campaign development and managing campaign-related activity.
* Designed a Plan for all the Campaigns by implementing the Business Logic.
* Capable of grasping new technical concepts quickly and constructively utilizing them.


## Strengths

* An analytical mind with the ability to think clearly and logically. Ability to work accurately and pay
* attention to details.
* An enterprising leader with abilities in leading multi-skilled motivated teams in achieving
* organizational goals and industry best practices.
* Excellent spoken & written communication skills, problem-solving and leadership skills.


## Experience

* POONAWALLA FINCORP 01-Jun-21 to till date
* General Manager — Digital Sales (Call Centre Capabilities)
* BAJAJ FINANCE LTD. - BAJAJ FINSERV March’17 to Aug ‘18
* Deputy Campaign Manager (COE -Non- Consumer Durable)
* BAJAJ FINANCE LTD. - BAJAJ FINSERV Jun’15 to Feb ‘17
* Assistant Product Manager (Rural lending- CD)


## Key Highlights

* Call Centre Transformation, New Business Requirement, System Automations, Technology
* Troubleshoot, Solution Implementation, and tracking.
* Reduce delivery time, cost maintenance, efficiency. Identifying and reducing manual as well as
* duplication of effort across initiatives within the Contact Centre.
* Effective Dialer Management and monitoring. Data analysis for productive output. Performance
* monitoring and Data optimization.
* Taking initiatives to implement new ideas which are helpful for process improvement.
* Create Visualizations and reports for assigned projects for the Contact Centre.
* Coordinate with external partners for cross-organization API build.
* Launched the IVR system for the Contact Centre. Automate inbound calls by allowing businesses to
* interact with customers.
* Collaborate with IT and Operation teams to ensure smooth flow of business activities.
* Testing, managing, and monitoring new projects for better and smooth business prospects and better
* business opportunities.
--- Page Break ---
* POONAWALLA FINANCE 14-Dec-20 to May 31-05-21.
* Chief Manager - COE (Call Centre Capabilities)
* Measure campaign conversion reports for insights on intelligent segments identified, analysis and share
* campaign efficiency.
* Data penetration in various segments. Data allocation and cooling off between different products
* campaigns segment mix in acquisition.
* Forecast and analyse data against budget. Prepare reports on statics, rate, and performance
* Manage incentive operations including calculations, validation and roll-out of business incentives.
* BAJAJ FINANCE LTD. - BAJAJ FINSERV Sept’18 to till Nov ‘20
* Sr Unit Manager - Campaign Management (Call Centre-Rural Term Loan)
* Analysis of the Segment performance. Maximize conversion on pre-approved offer pool to enable the
* business to deliver overall targets.
* Campaigns generate the exact Target Customers as per Business Logic’s followed by the Offer broadcasts
* through various Channels such as SMS, ChatBot.
* Data provided to call centre and product team for RPL, RSL & RDL (Touch-free & Non-Touch free).
* delinquency mapping for each campaign.
* Risk and IT teams to ensure smooth execution of campaigns Systems Understanding & Data Analysis.
* Working on major projects for Contact Centre transformation, Regional call centre delivery, ZBB, BCP,
* WFH and various integration & development project for the Rural term loan vertical.
* Partner coordination for product innovation, integrations & building of new channels.
* Managing tele caller’s productivity and using data efficiently.
* Closely with Senior Management to optimize, track business & overall business performance.
* Building the data science & providing the customer journey insights for the Digital Initiatives team.
* Interact with various stakeholders for driving projects/Call Centre i.e., Partners, IT, Verticals, BIU, etc
* Design Manage and support campaign-related activity in Oracle Responsys.
* Flowchart Development Using Processes: SELECT, EXTRACT, MERGE, SNAPSHOT, SEGMENT.
* Fetching data from multiple sources i.e. EDW data warehouse.
* Tracking the customer’s response.
* Provide Adhoc data support to the Team related to Business.
* Coordination with Business for new requirement understanding.
* SQL/Oracle for data extraction and manipulation.
* Project Work & New System acquisition and development.
--- Page Break ---
* Understanding and optimizing the current process, evaluating an alternative to the current process.
* Responsible for designing and launching new products and streamlining existing processes to increase
* new customer acquisition.
* Responsible for documentation and setting-up operational process from initiation to disbursal to the end
* of the loan
* Query resolution and troubleshooting on SFDC and Finnone, Coordinate with IT Team for
* enhancement and follow up.
* Execute and liaison with IT for product launch from BRD writing to Testing of scenarios & till the
* production moves smoothly.
* Design and launch contests and schemes for employees and Channel Partners. Design & Build processes
* & Key Strategic Initiatives to deliver the business targets.
* Engage in analysis relating to profitability, delinquency, and viability of all Loans products to support
* decision making.
* Initiate & Lead key projects for the Business which builds sustainability of profit & Responsible for
* Product Development, Portfolio Management and Analysis
* Ensure systems, processes, technology development and improvement is as per Business requirements
* Drive high impact business/technology projects within the business to achieve efficiencies and higher
* profitability.
* New process initiative - UAT, production control and enhancement.
* Monitor and optimize customer attrition. - Develop a robust communication process with customers to
* create sales as well as customer engagement.
* Design and execute various promotional campaigns and sales strategies to increase penetration.


## Scholastics

* B. Tech (Computer Science) from Bansal School of Engineering & Technology, Jaipur (RTU) in 2013 with
* 65% marks.
* Executive MBA from ITM Lucknow under the EEP program.
* SSC from Rajasthan Board, Kota in 2007-08 with 70% marks.
* HSC from Rajasthan Board, Kota in 2008-09 with 65% marks.


## Skills

* Worked on best in industry CRM like Salesforce, Finn One, Oracle, Lead Squared application and MS
* Dynamics.
* Effective business presentation, SOL, Tableau, UNICA Campaign management, Oracle Responsys and
* excel.
* Worked on web-based predictive Dialer systems like Genesis, Ozonetel to provide predictive dialling
* solutions, enabling Contact Centre to effective execution and proactive customer communications.
--- Page Break ---
* «= ISTQB Foundation Level certified.
* « Trained from the centre of Electronics Governance on “RHCE & RHCSA.
* = Good Knowledge of SDLC and STLC.
* = Good Exposure to Writing, Execution and Reviewing of Test Case & Scenarios.


## Beyond Academia

* e Winner of Excellence Award Nov’21 (an appreciation of Excellence work in setting up Dialer
* Integration with CRM for Call Center team.
* Rewarded SPRINTER & appreciation certificates on fastest execution of product launch — RDF, RVS,
* RCL, RDP, RAP, RFS, RCP (DPL) & CPP Insurance and UNICA Campaigns. Many times, rewarded as a
* Business enabler award, KUDOS and CHOCOLATE HEROS.
* Successfully delivered EMI Card process on ATOS platform.
* Star of the Month September 17, June ‘18, Aug
* HEROS July ‘19 Excellent Performance in Call Centre Business
* Winners of Lakshya trip Singapore Feb ’17, Indonesia-Malaysia April ’18, Thailand ‘19
* A+ appraised employee in Rural Lending-NRCD vertical.
* Completed “General Management Program for Executives -IIM Lucknow”
* PERSONAL DossIER
* Date of Birth : 10 June 1991.
* Permanent Address :  V/P Paraniya Tehsil- Kishanganj, Dist. — Baran (Rajasthan).


## Languages

* Marital status : Married
* Place: Pune [Hemant Rathor]

