# Akhil Prince

## Contact Information

* Phone: 9168812097 https://www.linkedin.com/in/akhil-
* E-mail: akhilorince28@gmail.com prince-a5572195/


## Work History

* Feb 2021 - Current Senior Executive
* Poonawalla Fincorp Limited, Pune


## Fincorp

* ‘Collecting the records for soends for campaigns and generating COA for the
* campaigns (channel wise)
* ‘Maintaining Excel Records for the invoices generated for every Month within
* team
* ‘Creating digital channel campaigns on WhatsApp, SMS, Email & RCS for EC
* & NC customers. Along with that creating content, whitelisting, scheduling,
* and approval for campaigns.
-Analyze the post campaign data like open rate, click rate, delivery rate etc.
* for campaign performance.
-Achieved disbursement of Rs.16 crs for Personal loan & Loans to Professional via
* WhatsApp, SMS & Email campaigns
* ‘Track and manage the spends efficiently and effectively across channel.
-Handling brand mentions on different social media channel (Twitter,
* Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Google, etc.) and on different news websites &
* discussion forums.
* ‘Maintaining average response time 30 minutes and average resolution time is
* 4:00 hours across all channels -CRM lead handling.
* ‘Digital campaign leads nurturing with updating data and map the right
* products to it.
* ‘Performing designated tasks such as data updating and lead allocation along
* with merging of leads on Lead squared CRM.
--- Page Break ---


## Education

* 2013 - 2015
* 2015 - 2019
* 2020 - 2022


## Skills

* Hobbies
* HSC XIl: Commerce
* CES Abhiman Jr. College - Pune, MH
* Bachelor of Commerce: Cost and Works Accounting
* Indira College of Commerce and Science - Pune
* MBA: Finance
* Sinhgad Institute of Management - Pune, India
* Tally
* Crisis Management consulting
* Excel
* Profit and loss statements
* Financial administration
* Driving
* Music
* Travelling
* Football
* Excellent
* Excellent


## Eere

* Very Good
* Very Good
* Eee
* Very Good

