# 27541_120_vimalmehtacv20212022111829

## Contact Information



## Vimal Mehta

* F.NO. 1304, Tower 2, F Residency, New Kalyani Nagar
* Pune, 411014
* Contact: +91 9833935293
* Email: vimal04raj@ gmail.com /vimal04_raj@ yahoo.com


## Profile

* => Masters of Business Administration with 14+ years of experience in NBFC, Credit Bureau, database
* management, Banking, digital & multi-channel analysis, data analysis & Event Management.
* Well versed in different Bureau, banking products & processes, SDLC, SLC.
* Performed detailed analysis on Retail Liability and asset products, digital channel marketing,
* proficient in database creation / migration and hands on experience on SAS, Sybase, UNICA, DB2,
* WPS, Bigdata, spark, Marketing Cloud suite .
* Prior work experience with Experian India, ICICI Bank and Times Event Managers.
* =>
* =>


## Experience

* Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd, Pune
* Vice President -Analytics (Jun’20 till date)
* VP (Data Science and Analytics): Reporting to Head of Data Science & Analytics


## Responsibility Include

* v Migration of processes to new system for performance improvement and TAT reduction.
* Y Involve in standardization and automation of processes for cost and error reduction.
--- Page Break ---
* Work closely with clients/ business team to understanding the requirement and design relevant
* analytical business solution.
* New Bureau products development and cross sell to clients
* End to end testing in bureau migration activity
* Custodian of data and responsible for ensuring the guidelines of regulating bodies to be
* followed
* at work floor.
* Publish KPI’s to all management levels for monitoring of business trends.
* Applying analytical and database techniques to prepare insight
* Handling a team of 13 members.
* ICICI Bank, Hyderabad
* Manager (May 2009 till Feb2015)
* Digital & Multi Channel Analytic: Manager -— I (Apr'14 —- Feb’15) reporting to DGM
* Identifying issues and provide appropriate approach to increase channel usage.
* Identifying ways to reduce attrition.
* Real time offers trigger to increase customer attachment.
* Campaign execution based on business requirement to increase channel usage.
* Designing and developing the Dashboards for trend analysis and decision making.
* CASA Analytic & Cross sell: Assistant Manager -— II (Apr'11 - Mar'14) reporting to DGM
* Solely catering the Pan India Business requirement.


## Sm

* Portfolio and cross sell analysis
* Business information reports
* Standardization and automation of processes for cost and error reduction.
* Identification of right set of leads for business growth.
* Prioritization of leads for high conversion ratio.
* Integration of different systems (liability, loans, cards, D-mat, etc) for customer portfolio
* management.
* Zonal Analytics
* Cross sell analytics
* Fraud detection and prevention management
* Customer Linkages
* Score card creation
* Employee Productivity tracking
* CASA Portfolio Management
* Data integration
* Cost reduction processes
* v
* v
* v
* v
* v
* v
* v
* v
* v
* v
* Campaign Management


## Projects

* Business & collection Incentive generation
* Market expansion and New product development strategy
* v
* v
* v
* v
* v
* v
* v
* v
* Work closely with CxO to understand the requirement and design relevant analytical business
* solution.
* Bureau liaison
* Early warning signal for collection team
* KPI development and maintenance for business trends monitoring.
* Applying analytical and database techniques to prepare insight for business teams
* Catering analytical requirement of sales business, trend analysis.
* Highlighting the triggers to business by interpreting the trend from various reporting.
* Providing Key Performance Indicator to the Group heads for the strategic decisions.
* Assisting product heads in the Portfolio review with behavioral analysis.
* Monitoring the timely dissemination of all dashboards to the business to enhance timely
* decision.
--- Page Break ---
* Geo Analytics report generation.
* Bureau Analytical products
* Data Center migration
* Scoring based model development for credit process.
* Segmentation of customer for service related preposition.
* Setup process to provide vicinity relative offer to customers on real time basis aimed to
* increase card transactions.
* Setup process to identify fraudulent customers on real time basis aimed at preventing major
* fraud.
* Identify potential customers through their past historical financial & non-financial to offer them
* suitable product.
* Develop process to minimize cost of customer maintenance of bank, by linking customer
* through identification of certain triggers and trends.
* Set up process to provide high quality services to customers aimed at reduction of customer
* escalations and saving funds of company.
* Identify profitable vendors to reduce cost of allocation & maintenance of processes.
* Identify productivity of SM through sourcing & retaining relationship with customers.
* Monitor ATM performance aimed at providing uninterrupted services to Customers and cost
* management.
* CASA projection, based on trend analysis, which helps business to assign correct targets.


## Sn On Nn

* Handling a team of 7 members.
* Experian India, Mumbai
* Senior Analyst (March’15 to May2020)
* Data Analytics and deliveries: Senior Analyst (Mar’15 to May’20) reporting to National
* Head


## A

* Projecting future CASA flows .
* Reviewing the analysis and finding the business actionable with RBH and Zonal Heads.
* Assigning FPR for the actionable and tracking the results.
* Business Actionable Includes: Campaign, Generating Leads, Contests, Upgrading the
* customer Segment/Product.
* Assisting RBH for the Zone Portfolio Reviews.
* Identifying and Monitoring the Outliers in Service, Compliance, Operation to enhance
* the customer satisfaction.
* Enable business to increase customer holding.
* Assistant Manager — I (Sep'09 - Mar'1i1) reporting to Chief Manager


## Responsibility Includes

* Designing and developing the dashboards as per the business requirement.
* Interpret reports and providing the key highlights to the business team.
* Ensuring the Quality by evaluating the data set used.
* Monitoring the Dashboards and maintain the timely delivery.
* Identifying the triggers and highlighting to the business.
* Apart from Liability Reporting team, Solely handing the senior management Projects.
* Projects include: Analysis, Sensitive Reporting, Adhoc’s, Strategic Initiatives.
* Sales Channel Reporting/ Analytics: PO (May'09 - Aug'09) reporting to Manager


## Rewards & Recognitions

* Recipient of XFactor Award in Annual Apac Meet FY 2018-19 at Bali
* Recipient of “DWH Excellence Award” in Annual Meet FY- 2013-2014 of BIU
* Recipient of “Star Award” in Annual Meet FY- 2011-2012 of BIU.
* Recipient of “Rising Star Award” in Annual Meet FY- 2010-2011 of BIU.


## Previous Assignments In Brief

* ¥ Event Coordinator, TIMES Event managers, Dec 2006 - Jul 2008


## Education

* Post - Graduation Diploma in Banking (PGDB), Manipal University, 2009
* MBA, Raj. Tech. University, 2008
* B. Sc., Mohan Lal Sukhadia University, Udaipur, 2006


## Training

* o BSE program, Mumbai on BOLT.
* >
* >
* >
* >
--- Page Break ---
* o Training session on Sybase IQ from Sybase company organized by current employer
* o Seminar on Marketing “Brand India summit” in 2007 in Mumbai.


## Skills

* o RDBMS: SQL Server
* Packages: MS Office (Word, Excel, Power Point)
* Operating System: Windows 98, Windows XP
* Software Knowledge: SAS(BI), SybaseIQ, Taradata, UNICA,WPS,DB2,LSQ,Finnone,SFMC
* Knowledge of different procedures, sql, macro, data steps...


## Personal Details

* = Date of Birth: 06% April 1984
* = Reference available on request

