# Ga

## Contact Information



## Qo

* oO


## Yn

* Statutory Compliances
* Board & Shareholders
* =
* ©
* 5
* ®
* ga
* oO
* 3
* oO
* 5
* ct
* RBI Inspection
* Demerger
* Deed of Assignment(s) (Standard
* ©
* >
* a


## Ni

* ct
* om
* oO
* n
* n
* o
* a
* re
* o
* ©
* >
* Nee
* Co-Lending/Co-origination
* Business Partnership Agreements
* |
* “= Career Timeline


## Summary

* © A forward focused, insightful Compliance professional with
* 8 years of expertise and experience in handling Compliance
* Matters, Corporate Legal Matters of Financial Sector Industry.
* © Presently working as Poonawalla Fincorp Limited as
* General Manager -Compliance and Legal.
* © Proficient in NBFC Compliances and related matters,
* drafting and vetting Loan Agreements.
* © A keen analyst with excellent negotiation and relationship
* management skills and abilities in liaising with consultants and
* other external agencies
* © Adept in supporting and sustaining a positive work
* environment that fosters team performance with strong


## Skills

* Agility Logistics Private
* Indian Steel Corporation
* Limited
* Joint Venture Company of
* Mitsui & Co., Ltd., Japan &
* Limited
* one of the world’s largest
* integrated logistics providers
* having operations in 100
* Aamby Valley Limited
* Public Company engaged in the
* business of Real Estate
* Activities and Hospitality and
* has more than 25 Subsidiaries
* IIFL Wealth Finance Limited.
* Systemically Important Non-Banking
* Financial Company, which caters to
* the need of financing of Corporate
* Ruchi G : .
* (Management Trainee countries. in India and Overseas by way of and high net worth customers.
* SPV’s. .
* and Asst. Company (Senior Manager-Legal,
* Secretary) (Company Secretary) (Company Secretary) Compliance and Secretarial)
* ?
* March, 2014 - June,
* July 2015 to November
* January Z016-April April 2017 - March 2020
* 2015
* India Ratings and Research Private Limited
* a Fitch Group, credit rating agency engaged in the business of
* providing credit rating to the securities issued by Corporate
* issuers, financial institution, finance and leasing companies
* (Manager - Compliance Testing)
* @
* March 2020 - April 2021
* 2015 2017
* Poonawalla Fincorp Limited
* a systemically important Non-Banking Financial Company, which
* offers a suite of loans to cater to the financial needs of the customers
* with products comprising of small ticket size personal loan, loan to
* professionals and unsecured business loan.
* (General Manager - Compliance and Legal)
* Since June’21
--- Page Break ---
* Pe ducation
* 2007: High School from CBSE Board with 85%.
* 2009: Intermediate (PCM + Computers) from CBSE Board with 76% and Cleared IIT in Extended Merit List.
* 2011: CS Foundation in 2011 (first attempt) thereby scoring 280/400.
* 2012: CS Executive Module 1 and Module 2 (first attempt) thereby scoring 338/600.
* 2012: B.Com from D.A.V.V. University thereby scoring 75% in aggregate and securing Second Rank in College.
* 2013: CS Professional- All modules (first attempt) thereby scoring 401/800.
* ee
* @® Special Assignments
* © Demerger and Listing of Equity Shares
* @ Independently and extensively worked upon preparation of all documents related to Listing of Non-
* Convertible Debt Securities and on Listing through Electronic Book Mechanism Platform for an issue size of
* INR 500 Crore.
* © Independently worked on Listing of Commercial Paper
* © Independently handled RBI Inspection
* © Structured Critical Business Partnerships and drafting, reviewing, and negotiating on the required
* documentation
* © Structuring treasury transactions with respect to consortium lending, issue of NCD’s.
* © Preparing, reviewing policies of the Company from Compliance perspective.


## Key Result Areas

* RBI Compliances
* oo 0060 ©0000 600 0 60 0 6060 0 OO G
* Ensuring filing of all applicable returns to Reserve Bank of India as are applicable to Systemically Important
* Non- Banking Financial Companies.
* Co-ordinating with various departments to ensure that RBI Compliances are done by the Companies including
* KYCG, Outsourcing related risk(s), LEI, Scale Based Regulations, Fraud Monitoring and its related filing.
* Independently handled registration process with CKYC, NeSL and Legal Entity Identifier, as required by
* Reserve Bank of India.
* Assisted in RBI Inspection for three consecutive years and independently handled in fourth year.
* Drafting policies and updating existing policies as are mandated to a Non-Banking Financial Companies by
* Reserve Bank of India.
* Sending of Monthly, Quarterly, Half Yearly and Annual emails and reminders to all departments to provide
* requisite details to Reserve Bank of India.
* Worked on updating website and monitoring details of website of the Company and putting up necessary
* details as are required under Master Direction(s) issued by Reserve Bank of India.
* Preparing Process Notes, coordinating with various CXO’s for taking it to closure with respect to RBI
* requirements and disseminating change in regulations and impact of such change on the Company.


## Training

* Co-ordinating with Internal Auditors, Statutory Auditors, IFC Auditors, Concurrent Auditor for providing and also
* obtaining requisite information for submission to RBI
* Co-ordinating with RBI Official(s) and providing information as and when required by RBI.
* Worked on requirements related to Ombudsman Scheme as prescribed by Reserve Bank of India.
* RBI compliances such as Annual Return on Foreign Liabilities and Assets, Annual Performance Report.
* Preparing of Responses to Inspection Observation(s).
* Reviewing Products of the Company from Compliance perspective and providing necessary inputs in line
* with market practices and applicable extant regulations.
* Reviewing and checking Credit Appraisal Notes vis a vis existing policies of the Companies
* Reviewing agenda and minutes of Board, Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee,
* Finance Committee, Risk Management Committee Meeting(s) and various other Committees
* Checking of compliances of Section 185, 186 of Client companies before loans are disbursed.
* Drafting various Applications to RBI in relation to Change in Control, Redemption of PDI's.
--- Page Break ---
* o
* Ensuring all Compliances applicable to a Systemically Important Non-Banking Financial Companies under
* Master Direction - Non-Banking Financial Company - Systemically Important Non- Deposit taking Company and
* Deposit taking Company (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016, Master Direction - Information Technology Framework
* for the NBFC Sector, Master Direction - Non- Banking Financial Company Returns (Reserve Bank) Directions,
* 2016, Master Direction - Monitoring of Frauds in NBFCs (Reserve Bank Directions), 2016, Scale Based Regulations
* for an NBFC having an asset size approx. of INR 15,000 Crore.
* Secretarial
* o
* Ensuring all Quarterly, Half Yearly and Annual compliances applicable on Listed Equity Shares and Listed Non-
* Convertible Debentures under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,
* SEBI (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008, SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading)
* Regulations, 2015
* @ Preparation of Information Memorandum / Private Placement Offer Letter and other ancillary documents
* related thereto.
* © Preparation and filing of Listing Application and co-ordinating with Stock exchanges for ensuring listing of
* securities.
* © Co-ordination with RTA, Debenture Trustee, Stock Exchange and other intermediaries.
* © Co-ordinating with Clients of the Company and solving their queries on the standard formats set by the
* Company such as Board resolution, Declarations related to Borrowings and others.
* © Convening Board Meetings, Audit Committee meetings, Shareholders’ Meetings & various committees’
* meetings.
* @ Drafted Director’s Report & annexure thereto.
* © Drafted and vetted of Non-Disclosure Agreements, Memorandum of Understandings, Memorandum and
* Articles of Association of the Companies etc.
* © Modification, Alteration & preparation of Memorandum & Article of Association.
* © Drafting of Shareholders’ Agreement.
* © Compliances related to Managerial Remuneration (Agreements, resolutions, CG approval, return filings etc.).


## Io

* Hobbies
* © Writing Blogs
* © Dancing
* © Swimming
* yy, |
* ersonal Details
* © Date of Birth: 27 September 1990


## Languages

* © Marital Status: Married
* © E-mail Id: talreja.sumit27@gmail.com

