# Mrs. Kiran Shah

## Contact Information

* Katraj-Kondhwa Road, Phone: 8600600955
* Pune-411048. E-Mail: kiranshah712@ gamil.com


## Objective

* To pursue a dynamic and challenging career with an esteemed & cultured organization and integrating my
* own goals with the organization’s, so as to become a catalyst in each other’s growth.


## Professional Qualification

* Qualification institution/University
* CA- Final ICAI Nov-2017 51.25
* CA-PCC ICAI May-2013 55.86
* CA-CPT ICAI Dec-2011 65.00


## Acedemic Qualification

* Qualification Institution/University Year
* LLB. Shivaji Maratha law college, Pune 5021 84.80
* B.Com.(Costing) Brihan Maharashtra college of Commerce, Pune. 66.67
* HSC Brihan Maharashtra college of Commerce, Pune. 16.67
* SSC Aadarsh Balak Mandir Highschool, Uran- 009 88.15
* Islampur.


## Key Strengths

* “+ Adaptable and Flexible, , keen Listener and Love travelling
* “+ Good Communication skill and Enjoy own company.


## Experience

* Currently Working with Poonawalla fincorp Ltd ,Pune from J une 21 as Deputy Manager- IAD .
* ¢ Worked with V. S. Potdar and Company, Pune from J uly 2019 to April 21 as a Manager Audit.
* ¢ Worked with S.P.Ladda and Associates, Pune from March 2018 to Feb.19 As Ass. Manager
* Worked With V. S. Potdar and Company, Pune From Aug 2013 to Aug.2016 as Article Assistant.
* %
* we
* we
* we
* Prepared & Finalized Financial Statements of Companies, Firms, Trusts, and
* Financial Individuals.
* Working Knowledge Accounting standards and Ind AS/Ind-AS.
* Defining Internal Financial Controls and monitoring and updating the same.
* Specific Financial Reporting to government authorities.
* Accounting of Fixed Assets & Depreciation as per new Companies act 2013.
* >,
* °
* o
* >,
* °
* Reporting
* e
* ?,
* “~°
* ?,
* “~°
* ?,
* “~°
* ?,
* “~°
* o
* >,
* °
* Internal Audit of reputed companies as team lead.
* Concurrent Audit of a Banks.
* Audits of companies, Partnership firms and Trusts
* Audit of various concerns such as Manufacturing, Construction, Trading and Service
* providers.
* Statutory audits, VAT audits (MVAT), RERA Audit, Tax audits and Stock audits.
* Worked as team member and as lead, handled team of 7+ members.
* Computation of tax liabilities of companies, Firms, Trust and Individuals.
* MAT & MAT credit & AMT Calculations.
* Basic Knowledge of Transfer Pricing.
* Prepared corporate and personal returns as per domestic tax laws.
* Case Preparations and appearances before related authorities.
* TDS calculations, Professional tax registrations and Capital gain calculation along with
* various applicable of Exemption.
* “+ Advised various clients on newly inserted section under income tax Act through
* budget with regards to concessional tax rates to companies.
* e
* ?,
* “~°
* o
* >,
* °
* Auditing
* e
* ?,
* “~°
* ?,
* “~°
* ?,
* “~°
* ?,
* “~°
* o
* >,
* °
* Direct
* Taxation
* e
* ?,
* “~°
* ?,
* “~°
* ?,
* “~°
* ?,
* “~°
* Computation of tax liability & return filling under Service tax, CST, MVAT and Goods
* and service tax.
* Working Knowledge of Goods and Services Tax (GST).
* Prepared for VAT audits and Business Audits under MVAT.
* Service Tax & Sales Tax, GST and VAT registrations & compliances related to it.
* Case Preparations and appearances before related authorities.
* Appearance before appellate Authorities (Commissioner — Appeals).
* Assisted in project reporting and project financing for small projects.
* Knowledge of budget & budgetary controls i.e cash & flexible budgets.
* o
* >,
* °
* Indirect
* Taxation
* e
* ?,
* “~°
* ?,
* “~°
* ?,
* “~°
* ?,
* “~°
* ?,
* “~°
* ?,
* “~°
* o
* o .
* °
* Basic Knowledge of SAP (Finance Module)
* Well versed with MS-Excel, Tally 9(ERP), MS-Word and Power Point.
* Completed 100 hours ITT training conducted by ICAI at Pune.


## Profile

* “+ Assist in developing scope, performing testing and developing findings under the direction of Internal
* Audit management.
* “+ Perform reviews of working papers to ensure accuracy and completion and assist in clearing any
* review points provided by team leads.
* “+ Scope determination, development of audit planning memorandums, performance of test work and
* assistance with report writing.
* “+ Document work performed in work papers in a timely manner and respond to manager review
* comments.
** Develop detailed working papers to provide sufficient evidence of work completed in the execution of
* the audit program including testing and analyzing results.
* “+ Communicate with operating and financial management, establish and maintain strong working
* relationships with all levels of management.
--- Page Break ---


## Training

* Worked on different software like Aadat, Tax base , other customized software of
* Accounting
* Assignment of work, staff handling, entry level staff recruitment.
* e
* o
* >,
* °
* Computer
* & Other


## Skills

* e
* ?,
* “~°
* ?,
* “~°
* ?,
* “~°
* ?,
* “~°
* Administr “+ Train the new recruiters and make them understand about the work.
* ation
* ¢ 3 at School level in SSC.
* Achievem “+ Exemption in Cost Accounting and financial management, Business Laws and
* ents & Tax in IPCC.
* Extra- “+ Active participation in “National Convention” held by ICAI.
* curricular “+ Active participation in “National Social Service program in college days.
* Activities “ Passed “Sanskrit Language Exams” in school days.
--- Page Break ---


## Personal Information

* Permanent Address Hill view society, Katraj Kondhwa road, Pune.
* Date of Birth 1° May 1994.
* Travelling, Interacting with New Individuals, listening to Music.
* Passport Availability. Yes, Valid up to 2022.
* Languages Known English, Hindi, Marathi, Guajarati.
* Declaration:-
* |, hereby declare that the above served information is correct to the best of my knowledge.
* Date:-
* Place:- Pune.
* CA.Kiran Shah.

