# 28038_49_1644216261476_cv_santosh2022030958

## Contact Information



## Santosh Kumar Chaubey

* Address:-
* Kodopur, Ramnagar
* PAC Ground,


## Varanasi-221008

* Mob: 9792985155, 9451760790
* EmailID-santoshchaubey750@gmail.com
* Neer


## Objective

* My career objectives are twofold. It is my goal to deliver my duties to the fullest
* Satisfaction of all members of organization, using my skills with customer service. Finally, as
* my long term objective, I would like to continue working for the betterment of the company,
* taking on new responsibilities until I can serves part of the management.


## Experience

*Currently working with Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. as an employee as a Post of
* Senior Executive Since Feb-2021. Till date. I look Collection.
* Working as an collection officer in CHOLAMANDALAM FINANCE, VARANASI
* from 16'Jan 2015 to 9'Jan 2021.
* Worked as collection executive in PUNEET AUTO MOBILES, VARANASI from
* Feb 2011 to Dec 2014.
* 1. Area covered Varanasi local & chandauli (alinagar,chahania,kamalpur,
* danapur,chakia,etc.)
* . Buck covered 0-90DPD.
* . PDC & NPDC cases collections.
* . Revenue collection & MI of existing customers.
* . Also covered GECL and restructure of needful customers.
* uBR WN


## Education

* Graduation (Art) from M.G.K.V.P. University, 2008
* Intermediate from U.P. Board, 2004
* High School from U.P. Board, 2001
--- Page Break ---


## Personaldetailes

* Father's Name : Late Ram Bharose Chaubey
* Mother's Name : Smt. Bindu Devi
* Date of Birth : 03.06.1984
* Gender : Male
* Marital Status : Married
* Nationality : Indian
* Religion : Hindu
* Language Known : Hindi & English
* Declaration
* I, hereby declare that the facts stated above are true complete and correct to
* The best of my knowledge and belief. If given me a chance I will give you the
* best result.


## Date

* Place: VARANASI (SANTOSH KUMAR CHAUBEY)

