# 28783_120_resumehitenkumar2022112133

## Contact Information



## Curriculum -Vitae

* Hiten Kumar
* Mail ID: - Hiten222@gmail.com
* Mobile no: - +91-9827892233


## Objective

* Experienced Information Security Manger with skills in diverse range of Information and Cyber
* security technologies, IT Infrastructure and Service Delivery. Implementation Knowledge of ISO
* 27001:2005 and Information security audit based on RBI Master Direction.


## Summary

* Overall, 14+ years of experience in handling IT services, information security, cloud security,
* Service delivery that includes over four years of information security compliance
* management.
* Proficient and knowledgeable in vulnerability assessments, SOC, identifying issues, security
* risk analysis, analyzing system requirements for internal audit and regulatory reporting.
* Adept in development and review of Information Technology security program strategy,
* policy and processes. Self-motivated and a quick learner, constantly studying and training to
* keep abreast of new technologies on IT security.


## Experience

* Poonawalla Fincorp limited, Pune
* Employer: PFL, from 16 Mar 2020 - Till date
* Role: Working as Senior Manager Information Security, Security Architect
--- Page Break ---


## Responsibilities

* ¢ Develop, implement and monitor a strategic, comprehensive enterprise information
* security and IT risk management program to ensure that the integrity, confidentiality
* and availability of information is owned, controlled or processed by the organization.
* e Provide strategic risk guidance for IT projects, including the evaluation and
* recommendation of technical controls.
* e Manage security incidents and events to protect corporate IT assets, including
* intellectual property, regulated data and the company's reputation.
* ¢ Develop and oversee effective disaster recovery policies and standards to align with
* enterprise business continuity management program goals.
* e Liaise among the information security team and corporate compliance, audit, legal and
* HR management teams as required.
* e Assist resource owners and IT staff in understanding and responding to security audit
* failures reported by auditors.
* ¢ Consult with IT and security staff to ensure that security is factored into the evaluation,
* selection, installation and configuration of hardware, applications and software.
* e Provide strategic risk guidance for IT projects, including the evaluation and
* recommendation of technical controls.
* e Manage the day-to-day activities of threat and vulnerability management, identify risk
* tolerances, recommend treatment plans and communicate information about residual
* risk.
* e Ensure audit trails, system logs and other monitoring data sources are reviewed
* periodically and comply with policies and audit requirements.
* e Enforcing Corporate Policies and Governance.
* e Risk Assessment and Mitigation for the identified risk across departments.
* e Revision of Policies and SOP.
* e Maintaining Regulatory Compliance.
* e Maintaining ISO-27001:2005 Compliance.
* e Internal and External Audit — Information Security audit- Based on RBI master direction,
* ISMS audit based on ISO.
* ¢ Monthly Infosec PPT for ClO presentation.
* e Implementing Security Awareness across organization.
* e Manage IT Infrastructure team to successfully build and sustain the IT infrastructure
* including network, servers, SAN, Backup System, VM, IP phone system, video
* conference and other IT infrastructure devices/systems.
* e Responsible for implementing corporate IT policies, guidelines, procedures and
* standards to perform the overall infrastructure management, the relevant operations,
* the information security management and the service desk support.
* ¢ Manage IT infrastructure projects to ensure the project delivery being on schedule, on
* quality and within budget.
* ¢ Qualify IT infrastructure following risk assessment procedure, the protocols and change
* control process regulated by corporate IT.
* e Managing Genesys Dialer and API Integration.
* e Evaluated new and emerging security threats, products and technologies.
* e Designed and maintained hosting and corporate network and telecommunications
* infrastructure.
* e Installed, configured and maintained PCs, networking equipment and network operating
* systems.
* e Enhancing professional relationship with customer to manage operational issues.
* e Imparting regular technology updates to business/ site leaders.
* e Responsible for Internal/External Audit related to account.
* e Monthly CIO presentation and MIS reports.
* e Hardware RAID Configuration.
* e Worked on MacAfee Endpoint Encryption 5.5.
* e Installation & Configuration Active Directory Domain Services (ADS/ADDS) and Group
* Policies.
* e Antivirus management using McAfee (ENS, DE, DLP...).
--- Page Break ---
* ¢ Working on incident request and change management with ITSM cloud-based ticketing
* tool
* e Deploying virtual machine, assigning Disk, Ram, CPU, Network Adaptor, and VLAN.
* e Attending daily status calls with different location managers.
* e Handling & monitoring all the System and Network devices located at Data Centre
* through Solar Wind and Ops-Manager tool.
* e Site Spoc for the location handling multiple Telecom & Ecommerce Business
* e Managing IT Operations, Change Management, Incident Management —Sev1, Sev2 etc.
* e Analyze business requirements by Partnering with Key stake holders across the
* organization to develop solutions for IT needs.
* e Integrate LAN, WAN, and server architecture.
* e Site Implementation with Rack and stack and managing 1500 systems with 100%
* compliance.
* e Maintaining proper Compliance like Antivirus and patch updation etc.
* e Internal and External Audit clearance
* e Vendor and Client co-ordination for any IT related responsibilities
* e Guide systems administrators, network engineers and InfoSec personnel to solve and
* troubleshoot security and network issues more efficiently.
* e Analyze the need of the business and plan solutions.
* e Providing end user application software (MS Outlook, Antivirus (McAfee) etc.) and
* Operating System maintenance and upgrades, troubleshooting hardware and software
* support.
--- Page Break ---
* Inknowtech India Pvt. Ltd, Noida
* Employer: Deployed at Mphasis Noida, from Aug 2007 - Dec 2008.
* ROLE: -Senior Support Engineer


## Projects

* e Monitoring and reviewing of SOC alerts — SIEM.
--- Page Break ---
* e Handling and Implementation of security tools like DLP,Zscaler-proxy, Crowdstrike-ATP,
* Vulnerability Assessment, Risk Assessment, Brand Monitoring etc.
* Hinduja Global Solution Limited, Pune
* Employer: HGS, from 1°* Sep 2015 — 31°t Jan 2020
* Role: Working as Service Delivery Manager-handling multiple accounts, leading team of 15+
* engineer across sites
* e Setting Up New Contact Centre for various business-like Ecommerce, Telecom etc.
* e Windows 7 To windows 10 Migration
* e 0-365 Migration
* e SCCM Implementation
* e Active member on the implementation of ISO-27001
* Mphasis an HP Company, Indore
* Employer: Mphasis, from Dec 2008 - Aug 2015.
* ROLE: - Lead Infrastructure Engineer


## Responsibilities: -

* To maintain a LAN, WAN setup of around 1500 Desktops & Laptops with a team. Providing end
* user application software (MS Outlook, Antivirus (McAfee) etc.) and Operating System
* maintenance and upgrades, troubleshooting hardware and software support. Monitoring and
* updating all systems and servers with antivirus and Microsoft patches using tools like — McAfee
* and SCCM server. Handling a team of 8 Engineers.
* Isource Infosystems Pvt. Ltd, Noida
* Employer: Deployed at Mphasis Noida, from Sep 2005 - July 2007
* ROLE: -Senior Support Engineer
* To maintain a LAN, WAN setup of around 1500 Desktops & Laptops with a team. Providing end
* user application software (MS Outlook, Antivirus (McAfee) etc.) and Operating System
* maintenance and upgrades, troubleshooting hardware and software support.
* IGATE Global Solutions, Noida
* Employer: From Apr 04 - Sep 2005
* Role: — System Engineer
* Responsibilities —
* Desktop support engineer, installed, and administered Windows-based networks.
--- Page Break ---


## Training

* ITIL- (Information Technology Infrastructure Library)


## Education

* MCA Sikkim Manipal University in 2007.
* BCA CCS University (UP) in 2002. .


## Profile

* Father’s Name Mr. K.R. Mahto
* Date of Birth ; 17% Jan 1980
* Mobile No +91-9827892233


## Languages

* Strengths ; Positive & winning attitude & believe in teamwork.
* Hobbies Web Surfing on latest technologies, Listening music.
* | here by declare that the above information’s are true and to the best knowledge of mine.
* Hiten Kumar

