# Kiran Uddhav Marathe

## Contact Information

* Phone: +91-8975-737-737
* Email: marathekiran27@gmail.com


## Profile

* Professional with 10+ Years of experience in the field of Finance & Taxation. I want to seek a responsible and
* challenging position in finance department of organization which will utilize my abilities, courage, knowledge & skills in
* the best interest of the organization. I will also try to discover newer ideas for performing tasks in a better and
* efficient way thereby enhancing corporate functions and identity of the organization. Building professional
* relationships with colleagues and seniors. Time management is the key factor of my work and I do all necessary
* actions to complete all tasks on time and to cater with huge volume of work. Ability to work independently and in Team.
* Self-Motivated Professional.


## Education

* Bachelor of Laws Master of Commerce
* (LL. B) Pune University (M. Com) Pune University
* Graduated in 2017 Graduated in 2012
* Diploma In Taxation GDC & A Maharashtra Board
* Law (D.T.L) Pune
* University Completed
* in 2013
* Completed in 2011


## Certifications

* MS-CIT, Tally 7.2, 8.0, 8.1, 9.0 ERP, G.C.C.E English Typing Examination 30 W.P.M.
* Major Achievement’s
* e Received award of Champion of the moth for November 19 & July 20 for receiving the huge refund from income tax
* department after closure of faceless E-assessment.
--- Page Break ---


## Experience

* Organization |Sahyadri Hospitals Private Limited (Dec 2017-TillDate) Hospitals Private Limited (Dec 2017 - Till Date)
* Pasa fs Income Tax, Nea a ee ee Oe) oe & Service Tax (GST), Way Bill System, Sales
* a Manager (Finance & Accounts Department)
* Responsibilities
* 1. Income Tax :-
* Handling the Income Tax assessment (including E-Assessments).
* Working on Income Tax audit with preparation of reports of 3CA & 3CD with required Annexures.
* Working on Income Tax related entries required to be posted in books.
* Daily monitoring the Income Tax website for tracking the Notices received for faceless assessments.
* Updating the Assessment tracker regularly for reporting to senior authority in company.
* Handling the compliance of Form 60 & 61 (including tracking of cash collection above 2lac as per provision of income tax act).
* Handling the application of lower rate TDS deduction application u/s 197 of income tax. Communicate with insurance companies,
* TPA’S and corporates for getting the impact of TDS deduction @ lower rate.
* Working on Quarterly reconciliation of TDS as per books V/s. 26AS.
* Handling the application u/s 17 (2) of income tax for receiving the periodic approval from income tax authorities.
* Application of Form 15CA / CB as per the applicability for foreign payments.
* Trust related application for 80G and 12A registration on income tax portal.
* & TCS (Tax deduction and collection at source) :-
* TDS & TCS monthly liability working including processing the e-payment.
* Quarterly return filling of TDS & TCS.
* Quarterly Form 16A generation through TRACES portal and ensure the distribution of same with in prescribed time with doctors
* and service providers.
* Rectification in TDS returns through TRACES (if required).
* TDS payment for section 194ITA- Purchase of immovable property (Monthly tracking).
* Eqalisation levy compliance for e-commerce transactions on monthly basis with annual return.
* Currently handling the compliances required to be done for new amendment of Section 206AB, 206CCA & 194Q.
* Monitoring the TDS deduction on expenses booked (TDS payable reconciliation), to avoid the disallowance on expenses in tax
* audit.
--- Page Break ---
* 3.
* GST (Goods & Service Tax) :-
* Handling the changes required in core filed and non-core field on GST portal.
* Working on monthly return filling of GST in form GSTR-3B and GSTR-1.
* Working on monthly ITC (input tax credit) with reconciliation with GSTR-2B and GSTR-2A.
* Handling the RCM (reversed charge mechanism) tracker for finalization of monthly liability.
* Preparation of GSTR-9and GSTR-9C data for GST Audit.
* Working on issue of PVDN (Purchase voucher debit note) to the suppliers and collecting the CN (Credit Notes).
* Tracking the sale of B2B transaction for avoiding the non-compliance of E-invoice through GST portal.
* Handling E-way bill related transaction with monitoring the inward and outward register of E-way bill portal.
* FAR (Fixed Assets Register) :-
* From last year F.Y 2020-21, handling the fixed asset register of company.
* Regularly providing the WDV and asset sale related entries to various unit locations for booking purpose.
* Monitoring the transaction of asset disposal and asset scrap.
* Working on providing the monthly deprecation working for MIS.
* Handling the inter unit asset transfer movement.
* Physical asset verification (annual task) and collection of reports with necessary approvals.
* Annual booking of depreciation with preparation of schedules required for Annual report.
* Other Task :-
* Supporting in Internal, Statutory Audit and other compliance related checking as per company’s standard practices.
* Working on annual Bonus provision for company level.
* Handling the actuarial valuation of gratuity and leave encashment as per the company policy and get the valuation report from
* the consultant for recording the provision while annual closure of books.
* Monthly working on the report of transaction with MSME (Micro, Small and Medium enterprises) to avoid interest chargeable
* for delay payment of MSME registers vendors.
* Handling due diligence for Direct and Indirect tax which includes preparation of required report and data submission on cloud
* base data bank.
* Monitoring the RPT (Related Party Transactions) with subsidiaries and KMP (key management personals) on regular basic
* along with preparation of notes to accounts for statutory audit and collection of balance confirmations from related parties.
* Handling notes on contingent liability disclosure for annual report with regular monitoring.
* Handling the annual activity of record destruction across units, as per the company policy.
* Handling the own cloud (data bank) of company for uploading the agreements on portal those are readily available and
* accessible to users, as and when required.
--- Page Break ---
* e Working on software and system customization required as per the new amendments of direct and indirect tax.
* e Conducting the awareness sessions across the units for new amendments of direct and indirect tax.
* Organization Thermax Ltd. (August 2015 toDec 2017)
* Functional Area Finance, Sales Tax, GST.
* Role Sales Tax Support
* Responsibilities
* e Worked on GST Registration process, filling of GST Returns in form GSTR-3B and GSTR-1
* Verification of tax invoices to process C, H and F Forms applications.
* Invoice verification as per the company’s standard compliance practices to minimize irregularity observed in various internal
* and external checking authorities.
* Professional Tax monthly return filling after verification of data.
* Company level consolidation of WCTDS returns data and filling of return.
* Consolidation of quarterly data relating to interstate purchases to process Form C application.
* Verification of H Form purchases by linking of bill of lading to process applications.
* Verification of Branch Transfer invoices to process monthly F Form applications.
* As per the requirements of various divisions handling tax master of thermax to open the tax codes in Oracle for booking of
* invoices in correct tax code.
* Assisting my superior in documentation related to monthly VAT/CST returns for the states Karnataka, Tamilnadu and Madhya
* Pradesh.
* Communication and coordination with various Sales Tax Authorities in sales tax office.
* Assistance to superiors in related tasks as and when required.
* Supporting Divisional, Internal, Statutory Audit and other compliance related checking as per company’s standard practices.
* Maintain & update Oracle ERP on regular basis.
* Sharing knowledge with team mates for any new trends in taxation and compliance
--- Page Break ---
* V.M. NAVANDAR & CO. Tax Consulting Firm (May 2010 to August2015)
* Income Tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax, TDS, Internet Banking
* Income Tax and Sales Tax Practitioner
* Responsibilities
* Processing the new assesses PAN card application.
* Verification of documents and process the VAT, CST, PTRC and PTEC registration application on Mahavat Site for taking
* registration. (Voluntary or Exceeding Turnover)
* Calculation of VAT and CST on monthly, quarterly and half yearly to make payment and to fill the returns before the due dates.
* Calculation of Service Tax and filling of Service Tax Returns (ST3)
* Verification of documents and process online application of ROF (registration of firm)
* Preparation of documents as per the requirement of sales tax authorities to attend the hearing of assessments.
* Handling the regular Sales Tax assessments, appeals of various firms.
* Discussed the issues relating to assessments with the higher authorities to take their opinions about it, along with that regularly
* doing the case studies and maintain the copies of order passed by various appellate authorities to use it in regular assessment
* work.
* Regular studies of new circulars and notifications received by government authorities for implementation.
* Carried out VAT audits starting from primary checking of various documents and statistical data provided, preparing
* various statements of revealing how the facts and figures are arrived at and filling in Form No 704.
* Verification of tax invoices to process C Forms applications.
* Income Tax working, making payments of self assessment tax and filing of returns (individuals, proprietary businesses,
* partnerships, and Pvt. Ltd. Companies)
* Preparation of Trading, Profit and Loss Accounts and Balance sheets.
* Preparation of TDS statements, making payments and filling of returns on quarterly basic and visit to NSDL office for filling.
* As per client’s requirement worked in preparation of project reports.
* Preparation of Financial Statements, Documents, Data Sorting, Formulating.
* Preparation of Documents, Letter Heads, Communication with customers, bankers, suppliers etc.
* Preparation of PPT presentation.
* Working with Tally 7.2, 9.0, 9.0 ERP.
* Making online payments of thousands of client through internet banking.
* Clear command on Income Tax, Sales Tax software’s like Monarch ( I-Tax ) & Sinewave ( Vat Express)


## Personal Information

* Date of Birth: December 27, 1989
* Marital Status: Married


## Languages

* Interests: Listening music, Travelling, Learning new thing

