# 29297_121_resumebayya2022111834

## Contact Information



## Resume

* BPURSHOTHAM EMAIL:purshotham.b78@gmail.com


## Reaches Me: 9121915666,8297734888

* | seek a career opportunity as a senior manager or next level in a
* business environment that will allow challenges and rewards for my


## Summary

* A total 14 years of hands on experience in field of collection and
* recovery.
* Identifying write-off accounts.
* Reviewing customer's overdue balances.
* Performing write-off.
* Transferring accounts to collection agencies.
* Resolved customer billing disputes and escalates to supervisor as
* required.
* Delivering duplicate invoice copies.
* Required to identify, assets, and resolve issues/problems within
* Collections area of responsibility.
* Efficiently and accurately executed tasks within Collections area.
* Interacted with customers.


## Projects

* More than four years of professional experience in the field of cash
* collection
* In-depth knowledge of the methods and principles of cash management
* and cash flow
* Possess excellent supervisory, leadership and management skills
--- Page Break ---
* Knowledge of Microsoft word, spreadsheet, and the Internet
* Attention to detail with outstanding communication skills


## Experience

* Organization: SBFC(Small Business Financial Company Limited)Hyderabad
* and Telangana.
* Duration: 05th March 2020 till Date.
* Designation: Area collection Manager for Home Loan, Mortgage,BL,PL,SCV.
* Handled collections and bucket zero cases to 6th bucket to Wright off
* (NPA) of Home Loan, mortgage loan Business loans Personal loans and
* Small commercial vehicles loans.
* Handled collections of Mortgage loans and Home loans legal cases, with
* legal tools.
* Handled (sec-138) & executions of warrant from local police station.
* Handling Collection agencies and Recovery agencies and in house team.
* Plan collection policies and processes and check its implementation and
* Utilize workload projection tools (Pipeline) daily.
* Organization: Fullerton Home Finance Limited,(Fullerton India) Hyderabad.
* Duration: 05t" November 2019 till Date 04t March 2020.
* Designation: Collection Manager for Home Loan, Mortgage
--- Page Break ---
* Handled collections and bucket 1st cases to 6th bucket to Wright off (NPA)
* of Home Loan and mortgage.
* Handled collections of Home loans legal cases, with legal tools.
* Handled (sec-138) & executions of warrant from local police station.
* Handling Collection agencies and Recovery agencies.
* Plan collection policies and processes and check its implementation and
* Utilize workload projection tools (Pipeline) daily.
* Organization: Reliance commercial Finance Limited,(Reliance Capital)
* Hyderabad.
* Duration: 05" September 2018 till 02 November 2019.
* Designation: Branch Collection Manager for Commercial Equipment
* Commercial vehicles, Home Loan,Mortgage Loan BL & PL Auto & Loss
* Recovery s
* Handled collections and Repossession for 4th bucket to Wright off
* (NPA) of Commercial equipment, Commercial vehicles, Home Loans,
* Mortgage Loans, Auto Loans ,Sme Loans and BL & PL.
* Handling collections Recovery and Repossession of (NPA) for TS and


## Ap.

* Handled collections of Loss claim legal cases, with legal tools.
* Handled moveable attachment case from court. And tracing moveable
* and immovable properties for attachment
* Handling in-house team members. And providing support to all
* employees within the Asset Recovery Department, And Negotiating
* resolution strategies with borrowers.
* Organization: Kotak Mahindra bank, Hyderabad.
* Duration: 22nd June 2017 till 4° September 2018.
* Designation: (ARD) Manager for Commercial Equipment, Commercial vehicles,
* Tractors Auto & Loss Recovery’ s
--- Page Break ---
* Handling purchased portfolio of (TCFSL,TMF,ICICI. MAGMA,ARCIL,CBG-1


## And Cbg-Loss)

* Handling collections Recovery and seizing of (NPA) for TS and AP.
* Handling collections of Loss claim legal cases, with legal tools. And
* attending courts with Advocates.
* Handled (sec-138) & executions of warrant from local police station.
* Handling repossession agencies and Recovery agencies.
* Handling moveable attachment case from court. And tracing moveable and
* immovable properties for attachment. And serving summon and notice with
* court bailiff.
* Handling in-house team members. And providing support to all employees
* within the Asset Recovery Department, And Negotiating resolution
* strategies with borrowers.
* Allocate workout assignments to team members and review their resolution
* strategies and write-ups
* Plan collection policies and processes and check its implementation and
* Utilize workload projection tools (Pipeline) daily.
* Organization: Srei Equipment Finance Limited, Hyderabad.
* Duration: 01thAugust 2014 till date 19th June 2017
* Designation: Assistant Manager for Commercial Equipment & Loss Recovery’ s
* Handled collections and seizing for 6th bucket to Wright off (NPA) of
* commercial equipment.
* Handled collections of Loss claim legal cases, with legal tools.
* Handled repossession agency s
* Handled moveable attachment case from court. And tracing moveable and
* immovable properties for attachment.
* Organization: MAGMA Fin crop LTD, Hyderabad.
* Duration: 12th Oct 2012 to 31st July 2014.
* Designation: Collection Executive for Loss Recovery’ s.
* Handled all legal cases. Serving summons.
--- Page Break ---
* Handled (sec-138) & executions of warrant from local police station.
* Handled moveable attachment case from court. And we will traced
* immovable properties for attachment.
* Organization: HDB Finance Services LTD, Hyderabad.
* Duration: 06th December 2010 till date 25th November 2011
* Designation: Collection Team Leader for BL & PL.
* Handle the tasks of developing productive, highly motivated team of
* collections representatives
* Update daily activities to the collection support manager and provide
* assistance to management and collections team
* Handle the tasks of monitoring staff and deals with debtor disputes and
* Interface with sellers regarding copy agreements, statements on accounts,
* terms and conditions of contract, queries, complaints and disputes
* Responsible for dealing with incoming correspondence and third parties
* documentation
* Handle the tasks of entering correspondence on to in-house debt collection
* system ‘case flow’ and to action accounts accordingly
* Perform responsibilities of arranging installment plans with debt
* management agencies
* Organization: ROHIT ASSOCIATES IS COLLECTION AGENCY FOR (Citi Bank).
* Duration: 20th November 2009 to 30th November 2010
* Designation: Collection Team Leader For CC.
* Perform research on overdue account balance that is fully or partially
* unpaid and follows up by mail and/or phone to customers on delinquent
* payments
* Handle the tasks of reviewing claims denied for payment and underpaid
* claims
--- Page Break ---
* Perform responsibilities of coordinating collection activities for delinquent
* accounts by preparing information for external collection agencies or
* attorneys
* Handle customer inquiries regarding account status as well as research
* customers accounts thoroughly and document appropriately
* Responsible for maintaining information regarding collection activity of
* account accurately into the billing system
* Perform the tasks of updating recurring issues to the collection team leader
* Handle all other related duties as directed by collection team leader
* Organization: PROBES ENTERPRISES IS COLLECTION AGENCY FOR (ICICI Bank),
* PRESENTLY THIS AGENCY IS CLOSED. Duration: 03t™AUGUST 2005
* to 16 November 2009
* Designation: Collection Team Leader For CC & PL.
* Supervised a staff of nine, in the credit and collection, and account
* receivable departments.
* Assigned credit risk lines, upon completion of financial and reference
* investigation.
* Analyzed monthly account and notes receivables reports. Determined bad
* debt write-offs, and account assignment to outside credit agencies and
* attorney.
* Coordinated with others, including personnel in company branches and
* credit card companies, to exchange information and update controls.
* Submitted delinquent accounts to attorney or outside agency for collection.
* Organization: RK ENTERPRISES IS COLLECTION AGENCY FOR (GE
* COUNTRYWIDE HDFC BANK, ABN AMRO BANK &ICICI BANK), PRESENTLY THIS
--- Page Break ---


## Agency Is Closed.

* Duration: 04th OCT 1999 to 30*JULY 2005
* Designation: COLLECTION EXECUTIVE
* | have 5 years of handful experience in Collection and recovery as executive
* | worked asa collection Executive for 2 Wheeler's in (GE COUNTRY WIDE)
* | worked as a collection Executive for consumer durable & 2 Wheeler's in


## (Hdfc Bank)

* | worked as a collection Executive for Auto loans & PL in (ABN AMRO


## Bank)

* | worked as a collection Executive for Home loans in (ICICI BANK)


## Education

* BACHELOR OF ARTS (Dr Ambedkar Open University) from government
* junior college (boys) Bhongiri, Nalogonda (2007 to 2010)
* ITI (Diesel mechanic) from sri lalitha industrial training institute, Safilguda
* Hyderabad (1998 to 2000)
* SSC from Frobel’ s garden high school Moulaali Hyderabad (1995)


## Skills

* Highly initiative and motivate.
* Ability to negotiate with people even in any difficult situation.
* Able to work under stressful conditions meeting with deadlines.
* Excellent verbal as well as written communication skills.
* Able to work in a team environment.
* Highly flexible.
* Ability to follow instructions and pay attention to details
--- Page Break ---
* Name
* Father sName
* Date of birth
* Gender


## Languages

* Marital Status
* Religion
* Nationality
* Permanent Address
* Present Address


## Personal Details

* B.Purshotham
* B.komariah
* O02 October 1978.
* Male.
* English, Hindi and Telugu.
* Married.
* Hindu.
* Indian.
* Hno.7-133\1a (New Hno.7/132/3/24/5),
* Durga nagar colony, Malkajgiri,
* Hyderabad 500047.
* Hno. 2-3-16/95/11/A venkat reddy nagar
* Ramanthpur Hyderabad 500013.


## Declaration

* | here by confirm that the above furnished details are true to the best of my
* knowledge.


## Place

--- Page Break ---

