# 29292_121_resume_1__1_12022112008

## Contact Information



## Ecil

* Phone No: 9985477864/95 15220686
* Hyderabad-500083
* Email : sureshchary786@rediffmail.com


## Summary

* A highly experienced, motivated professional with comprehensive experience in
* relationship management, customer service, handling collection portfolios, in Banking
* and the Non Banking Finance industry, wishing to pursue his career in an environment
* where his initiative and relationship management skills will make a positive contribution.


## Magma Fincorp May2015 To Till Date

* Area collection Manager for collections 0 to 90 bucket HOME LOANS and SME
* & Field verification
* Handling A team of collection officers and Telecalling Team Entire Telangana region.
*personal follow on 61 to 90 bucket cases and legal cases special drive on 138 and 13.2
* and 13.2 affixation sarfesi cases.
*Top achievement of 100%collection in zero bucket efficiency with 25%rollback in 1 to
* 90 buckets


## Bajaj Finserv. —

* JAN 2013 to ARIL 2015
* Assistant Manager for NPL Collections
* ¢ To achieve collection targets of the area assigned, ensuring meeting PL&CD ROLL
* BACK Targets/ meeting the Target on Cost of Collections.
* ¢ Agencies / DMAs, monitoring performance against set parameters and Weekly review
* with the collection executives.
--- Page Break ---


## International Autotrac Finance Ltd. -

* May 2009 to Dec 2012
* Department: Collections recovery
* Post Held : Assistant Manager


## Profile

* “* Taking care of write off bucket Recoveries Pool for Entire Andhra
** Pradesh (karimnagar, vizak, Kurnool Hyderabad)
** Personal follow up on settlements, seizing the vehicles, hyd data and follow on rest of
* AP team.
* Previ ous job
* April 2007 to April 2009 — Worked for “Fullerton India Credit Company Ltd as
* Collections officer for Personal Loans
** Taking care of total front end to write off bucket wise collections. For both secured
* and unsecured loans.
** Dealing with customer queries for track records and settlement queries’.
* Previous Job
* Nov 2004 to March 2007 - Worked for “ICICI HFC LTD” as an Agency
* Manager.
* Job Responsibilities — Agency Manager.
** Responsible for collections of credit card payments of X bucket.
** Handling team of 10 Tele callers
--- Page Break ---
* Worked for M/S DECCAN SERVICE PVT LTD from the year March 2000 to
* Nov-2004.
* I began my career as a verification executive for this prestigious firm which is tied up
* with companies like SBI GE, ICICI, GE COUNTRY WIDE FINANCIAL SERVICES,
* BHARTHI MOBILES, and ETC. Specializes in customer services. Responsibilities
* included customer service, Telecalling, Documentation collection and verification of two
* wheeler and four wheeler loans, credit cards, housing loans and personnel loans and
* related office tasks. After 18 months at the firm, promoted to Team Leader and oversaw
* all day-to-day operations of the firm


## Education

* Bachelor of Commerce (B.com) in from Osmania University from Sardar Patel College
* (Three year full time course 1996-1998).
* Completed Intermediate level At N G junior college
* & schooling from Durga bhavni high school.


## Personal Information

* Date of Birth: 15th Sep, 1977

