# Mandar Arun Deshmukh

## Contact Information

* Email:- mandar_d09@rediffmail.com, Advmandardeshmukh@gmail.com


## Date Of Birth

* 9th May 1980


## At Present

* At present working with an organization (Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd.) (Previously none as Magma
* Fincorp) is a Pune based Non- Banking Financial Company registered with RBI as an Asset Finance
* Company with registered office in Kolkata. | am working as Assistant Legal Manager at Aurangabad from
* last more than eight month. In the present organization | have had so many products to deal with it or on
* which the company was running business activity e.g. Business Loan, Profession Loan, Vehicle Loan,
* Personal Loan, Home Loan, Loan against the property, Pre-Owned Car Loan, Medical Equipment Loan,
* Auto Lease and Insurance. In case breach any terms, condition of an agreement, as per direction by the
* concern legal superior authority of the company, | have had dealt with cases for initiated legal activity
* such as under SARFESI, Arbitration Act, Civil Court Act, Criminal Procedure Code, Indian Penal Code then
* cases before the Consumer Forum under Consumer protection Act as well as summary suits or recovery
* proceeding before the Civil Court. So also taking follow up of these cases with the co-ordination of
* concern panel advocate before the High Court, DRT Court , District Court as well as in Consumer Court as
* and when proceedings has been initiated, in appeal and in other proceeding whenever be taken place.
* (SAFL) — Sustainable-Agro Commercial Finance Ltd., as Senior Executive — Legal at Aurangabad.
* The SAFL company is a NBFC promoted by Jain Irrigation System Ltd (JISL) and is the first sector providing
* Agricultural Loan with a wide & diverse range of financing options for almost every need of Agricultural
* activitity. The company deals with loans such as Finance for Lift Irrigaion, Agricultural — Project Financing,
* Farm Equipment Financing, Dairy / Cattle Financing, Solar Product Financing, Short Term Loan for
* Business, Short Term Crop Loan, Loan against property, Financing Small Commercial Finance, Financing
* Tourist Car, and Third party tie up. In case violation of these loan transactions towards payments by the
* customers of mentioned above products of the company as per instructions of superior authority | have
* had working with legal action like 138 N. |. Act. So also with the Criminal and civil proceeding like 156 (3)
* as well as 420 private complaint under CRPC and Arbitration proceeding U/Sec. 09, 34, and 36 of
* Arbitration Act, then cases before the Consumer Forum under Consumer protection Act as well as
* summary suits or recovery proceeding before the Civil Court. To take a follow up of the cases before the
* High Court, if any in appeal by the customers or company suo-moto have had approached as such.
* At present, | was mostly handling the work with support of this Legal tools above mentioned and
* based on this prepare a documentation and record given by the company. Most | have had work with
--- Page Break ---
* proceeding of 138 N. |. Act to give notices then issue summons and warrants to the defaulter customer
* then taken follow up of report by police authority and then preparation and filling of evidence before the
* court. | have had to take follow up in case of appeal by the customer or company before the High Court
* with preliminary discussion with our panel advocates. So also taking follow up with concern advocate and
* providing documents for preparation of private complaints like 156 (3) as well as 420 private complaint
* under CRPC. Before filing complaint to check the balance confirmation details of accounts record then
* send a notice to the customer and then make a positive negotiation with customers for sum up the case
* pending or dealing with the case in Lok-Adalat.
* As per instructions and directions of my superiors in most of the small term defaulters’ cases, |
* could have visited to police stations for filling criminal complaint recently. After this some customers are
* likely to the whole debt of there. While doing so | have put my extreme efforts with recovery team for
* better collection of loan amount of defaulter through settlement camp conducted by the company. Not
* only for the company but have put my all efforts to settle the cases through mediation in Lok-adalat cases
* for every customer who is likely to do the settlement as such. In fact, after filling criminal proceeding 35%
* customers in which customer who had agreed to make positive settlement. And In case of short-term loan
* amount, | could have visited recently to the customers to their native places to deal the loan amount for
* negotiation and wherein | was succeeded to get a settlement of 50% cases at my own level. The same
* negotiation deal | was carried in some big cases wherein, | was succeeded 15% cases.
* The same work profile, | have had carried in earlier organization i.e. Shriram Transport Finance
* Co. Pvt. Ltd., as Law Officer at Aurangabad for last one year. | was having working experience as Retainer
* Advocate at Zonal Office at Aurangabad lastly. While working with Shriram Transport Finance Co. Ltd and
* my job profile was to look into the recovery filling proceeding U/Sec. 09, 34, and 36 of Arbitration Act, so
* also | was looking into the 138 N. |. Act proceeding and criminal and civil cases. In case of short term loan
* amount | have had visited to the customers to their native places to deal the loan amount for negotiation
* and | was succeeded to get a settlement of 40% cases at my own level. The same | was carried in some big
* deal cases wherein | was succeeded 25% cases.
* Before joining an organization, | have had practiced in Hon’ble High Court, District Court and
* Subordinate Tribunal (i.e. before Divisional Commissioner and Collector also appeared before School
* Tribunal, University Tribunal also having an experience in practicing before State and District Consumer
* Forum) including Debt Recovery Tribunal and Maharashtra Administrative Tribunal at Aurangabad.


## Functional Areas And Exposure

* Civil:- Having experience of matters is related to Motor Accident Claims, Arbitration cases, Consumer
* cases, Land Revenue Cases, Maharashtra Administrative Tribunal, Bank Recovery matters by way suits and
* recovery proceeding under co-operative society act and property relating to search including civil cases
* before District Court and before revenue authorities in respect of mutation entries, disqualification
* matters etc.
* Consumer Forum:- Conducted complaints, appeal before the State Consumer Forum and before District
* Consumer Forum authorities established under Consumer Protection Act.
--- Page Break ---
* Drafting & Conveyance:- Have experience in drafting and finalizing various documents such as
* Development Agreement, Power of Attorney, Mortgage Deeds, Leave and License Agreements,
* Agreement to Sale, Sale Deeds, Lease Deed, Memorandum of Understanding, Distributors Agreement etc.
* Search & Title:- Conducted various Search & Title Investigation required for creation of various
* Mortgages.


## Experience

* ° More than Fifteen years experience as an advocate in handling civil and criminal matters before
* the High court and various subordinate courts.
* ° | was having working experience in Shriram Transport Finance Co. as a Retainer Advocate cum
* Law Officer, so also | have had practicing experience from 2004 to 2018 in High Court independently and
* also dealing case before District Court and Subordinate Tribunal (i.e. before Commissioner and Collector)
* also appeared before University Tribunal and also having an experience in practicing before State and
* District Consumer Forum) including Debt Recovery Tribunal and Maharashtra Administrative Tribunal at
* Aurangabad
* ° | have had an experience to dealing cases under organization with my Senior Advocate who is
* leading practitioner in High Court at Aurangabad of these cases e.g. IIISLA (Indian institute of insurance
* surveyors and loss assessors) and also dealt with case of Pre-conception and Pre-natal Daignostic
* Techniques prohibition of sex selection act, 1994 i.e. (PCPNDT), cases under Bombay Public Trust Act,
* Maharashtra Co-operative societies act 1960, with the support of Senior and it’s empanelment on
* respective instituted has got experience to deal with cases of this institution e.g. Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar
* Marathwada University, Zilla Parishad — Parbhani, M.P.S.E., M.T.D.C., Beed Municipal Counsel and
* Kopargaon Nagar Parishad matters before the High Court.


## Profile

* e Dealing with the cases under Writ Jurisdiction including Service Matters, Disputes relating all types of
* civil and criminal nature, cases relating before Motor Accident Claims by way of First Appeals, Land
* Revenue Cases, Debt Recovery Tribunal, Bank Recovery matters and property relating to search including
* civil cases before revenue authorities in respect of mutation entries, disqualification etc. Maharashtra
* Land Revenue Act and other proceedings.
* e Assisting senior advocate in handling public interest litigation and the appeal under Land Acquisition Act
* for enhancement and service matters before the High Court and the tribunals.
* e Dealing with civil and criminal cases under Writ jurisdiction before High Court and also to have an
* experience of cases before District Court and sub-ordinate tribunal including before Motor Accident Claim
* and before State and District Consumer Cases with the claim proceeding under Motor Accident Claim and
* before Labour and Industrial Tribunal including bank relating proceedings.


## Awards

* e Successfully dealt with the proceeding under civil and criminal matters and also trying to deal with cases
* under the motor accident claim and including cases under Maharashtra Revenue matters.
--- Page Break ---
* e Successfully carried out procedural work regarding cases relating to civil and criminal in nature also dealt
* with the cases of dispute relating service matter before MAT Tribunal and dealing experience of cases
* before Labour and Industrial Tribunal including cases before School and University tribunal.


## Education

* ¢ Completed Master in Law [LL M.] in February 2008 from Vivekananda Science and Arts College under
* Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University, Aurangabad.
* e Graduated as Bachelor in Law [LL B.] in November 2003 from M. P. Law College under Dr. Babasaheb
* Ambedkar Marathwada University, Aurangabad.
* e Degree in Bachelor of Social Legislature [B.S.L.] in March — 2001 from M. P. Law College under Dr.
* Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University, Aurangabad


## Languages

* Marathi (Mother Tongue), Hindi, English,


## Computer Literacy

* MS - Office, MSCIT.
* Mandar A. Deshmukh
* Advocate

