# Mihir Shah

## Contact Information

* Contact No.: +91-9898058281 Email: mgshah1979@yahoo.co.in


## Q)

* O Managing partly disburses cases and Post Disbursal Document on monthly basis.
* OF Analysis of delinquency and fraud cases.
* OF Periodic MIS & Tracking of portfolio performance.
* O Ensure compliance with policies & procedures as well as TAT Monitoring on an ongoing basis.
* "Feb'17-July'18 Capri Global Housing Finance Ltd Regional Credit Manager


## Qualifications

* OQ) Diploma in Information System Audit from ICAI in May 2005.
* OQ) Chartered Accountancy from ICAI in May 2004.


## Role

* O Managing Home Loans & Loan Against Property for Gujarat and Rajasthan Region.
* O Managing a team of 24 Credit Managers and 3 Cluster Credit Managers.
* OF Preparation and formation of state specific policy and procedures by providing competitive information
* to CRO.
* © Periodical training to credit and sales team for change in policy and procedures for providing faster TAT
* and smooth functioning of branches.
* Detailed and objective assessment of Home Loan credit applications. Assess the profile based on
* predefined criteria as well as an independent analysis of borrower’s credit profile.
* O Credit appraisals of the loan proposals with the help of financial analysis of the customer’s information
* and comforts gathered in Personal Discussions, market business references, etc. Capturing key data
* elements and analyzing, interpreting the cross-period movements and understanding the macro
* mechanics of the Industry.
* OF Assess the ability and intention to pay of the customer based on the visible proofs, documents
* submitted by the customer and personal discussion.
* O Credit appraisal of Home loan & Mortgage loan applications within defined guidelines and accordingly
* take decision or recommend for approval to higher authorities.
* O Managing a team of 15 Credit Managers and 3 ACMs.
--- Page Break ---
* O Coordinating with sales, operations, legal and technical team.
* O Closely monitoring periodic MIS &Tracking of portfolio performance.
* O Aggressive follow up of PDD and OTC documents of disbursed cases.
* O Decision making within defined TAT.
* ‘Aug’11-Feb'17 HDB Financial Services Ltd. = Cluster Credit Manager
* O Managing LAP big ticket size loans for Gujarat Region.
* O Empowered with Sanction Authority of 1.50 Cr.
* O Credit appraisal of loan applications within defined guidelines and accordingly take decision or
* recommend for approval to higher authorities.
* © Analysis of financial statements and performance review of the same & checking the rating of the
* individuals given by CIBIL & from Bank’s own data base.
* O Closely monitoring periodic MIS &Tracking of portfolio performance.
* O Meeting up with all Field Investigation, Legal and Technical agencies on monthly basis & DSA’s on
* weekly basis.
* © Monitoring the CPAs to monitor the credit assessment target within required TAT.
* OF Initiated Pro-active approach to assist Sales Channels & Agencies by providing regular training.
* O Credit appraisal of loan applications within defined guidelines and accordingly take decision or
* recommend for approval to higher authorities.
* O Managing a team of 4 Credit Processing Agents.
* © Coordinating with sales, operations, legal and technical team.
* O Aggressive follow up of Post Disbursed Documents and over the counter documents of disbursed cases.
* O Superb TAT Achievement by quick decision making.
* Oo
* Using performance history along with liquidity, debt-asset management and profitability ratios to
* assess creditworthiness in evaluation.
* © Appraisal of the cases as per the defined guidelines and policy.
* O Under writing cases with desired level of quality and enabling achievement of Branch Business target
* Set up an accounting and internal controls system in an organization.
* Finalisation of Accounts of the organization.
* Preparation of Income Tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax, Fringe Benefit Tax and TDS Returns.
* Preparing and reporting Budgeting and financial results.
* Regularly involved in solution of Legal Matters i.e. Income Tax Act, Service tax Act, etc.
* Preparing Fund Flow and Cash Flow statements and Budgetary control.
* OQoOoOgudO
--- Page Break ---
* O Day to day Banking and finance activities.
* O Independently handled the project at Jalandhar and Ahmedabad.
* L Nov’04-Nov’06 Navneet Publications (India) Ltd. Account Officer
* OF Finalization of annual accounts.
* O Preparation of details for Income Tax & Tax Audit Report.
* © Involved in implementation of Segment Reporting, Corporate Governance and reporting of financial
* results as per the latest amendment of Clause 41 & 49 of the listing agreement.
* O Regularly involved in solution of Legal Matters i.e. Income Tax Act, Service tax and Sales tax etc.
* O Set up an accounting and internal controls system in an organization.
* 0 Involved in Audits of Firms & Corporate, Statutory, Internal as well as Tax Audits.
* O Checking of Various Statutory Returns / Forms of TDS under Income Tax Act.
* O Checking Advance Tax, Fringe Benefit Tax and TDS under Income Tax Act.
* 0 Finalization of annual accounts of Gala Family Members —- Individual & H.U.F.
* O Preparation of Income Tax Returns and all related work in the field of Income Tax for the family
* members.
* | Nov’02-Aug’04 A. J. Shah & Associates, Chartered Accountants Audit Assistant;
* O Statutory and Tax audits of Public Limited company, Private Limited Company, Partnership firm,
* Proprietorship firm, Trusts etc.
* 0 Assisted in management of various client concerns for applying internal control in a better and effective
* manner.
* O Independently handled Income Tax matters.
* Article ship
* July’99- July’02 Article ship with Ajit Shah & Associates, Chartered Accountants, Ahmedabad


## Training

* O Managing a team of 4 Credit Processing Agents.
* © To maintain the delinquency of the portfolio by understanding how it is created its impact on book size
* and tracking the portfolio.
* 0 Decision to be given within defined TAT.
* © To ensure compliance of statutory laws and regulations and Credit Policy at root level.
* O Proper follow up of Partly Disbursed Cases and Sanctioned un-disbursed cases with DMAs to maintain
* these cases within policy framework.
* O Aggressive follow up of PDD and OTC documents of disbursed cases.
* (Synergy Media Entertainment Ltd. Is a Bhaskar group of companies, engaged in providing
* Broadcasting services and Radio Channel facility - 94.3 MY FM)


## Achievements

* Oooo
* 0
* Played Pivotal role in local policy and process formation in Motilal Oswal Home Finance Ltd.
* Awarded 3 lacs ESOPS in initial one year of job in Motilal Oswal Home Finance Ltd.
* Project Lead for Indus System implementation in Capri Global Home Finance Ltd.
* Played a vital role in establishment of 16 branches all over Gujarat in Capri Global Home
* Finance Ltd.
* Two grade promotions and two profile promotions in the span of 5 years in HDB Financial
* Services Ltd.
* OQ) Awarded 6000 ESOPs in the one and half years of job in HDB Financial Services Ltd.
* QO) Awarded Best Credit Manager of Gujarat in initial one year at ICICI Bank.
* QO) Become a member of talent pool in the very first year at ICICI Bank.
* Q) Achieved NIL PDD and PD location among all locations in Gujarat at ICICI Bank.
* QO) Played a pivot role in setting up new branch of 94.3 MY FM in Ahmedabad in Synergy
* Media Entertainment Ltd.


## Education

* QO B.Com from Gujarat University in 1999 with first class.
* OQ 12 from GHSEB in 1996 with distinction.
* Q 10* from GSEB in 1994 with distinction.
* IT Credentials
* Well versed with all banking & Financial Services software like Finnone, Indus, Omnifin, SAP, Telly etc.


## Profile

* Date of Birth : 9th April 1979
* Address : A-102, Enigma Tower, Opp. AUDA Garden, Thaltej, Anmedabad-380 059
* Marital Status : Married

