# 29869_120_resumedipsuthar2022111811

## Contact Information



## Suthar Dipkumar Jitendrakumar

* E-607, Polaris Anand, Viratnagar, Anmedabad
* Mob No: +91 9054577576
* Email
* : dipsuthar95 mail.com


## Objective

* To commit myself to looking for a position where my education and creative thinking can be utilized in support of
* company goals while broadening my exposure to the corporate world. To pursue a career requiring strong analytical and
* organizational skills in a progressive enterprise and to grow with the company in terms of knowledge, status and
* stature. The challenging Trends of the Industrial level where | can show my potential and talent, and to create a
* bond within the team | work with.
* Managing RCU end to end Activity of Gujarat Location.
* Team Handled —Vendor Sampler and Vendor Back office.
* Screening or sampling of assets files — LAP.
* Detection and prevention of fraud by coordinating with outsources Agency.
* Co-ordination with the Sales Team and hub team and solving queries within TAT.
* Agency management.
* Cross check to Agency for verification Report.
* Managing RCU end to end Activity of Gujarat Location.
* Team Handled —Vendor Sampler and Vendor Back office.
* Screening or sampling of assets files - Home Loan, LAP.
* Detection and prevention of fraud by coordinating with outsources Agency.
--- Page Break ---
* e Co-ordination with the Sales Team and hub team and solving queries within TAT.
* Agency management.
* e Cross check to Agency for verification Report.
* For HDFC Home Loan, Daily MIS and Reporting on Digital Form.
* For Piramal Housing Finance Ltd, Reporting and Daily MIS.
* Handling of Employee verification activities for Kalupur Commercial Co -Op Bank Ltd.
* e For Aadhar Housing finance , Daily MIS , Reporting , Billing and Other Daily Basis Activities .
* e Sampler Handling of Aadhar Housing finance and HDFC ltd.
* e Screening or Sampling of the Product - Home Loan, LAP.
* e Co-ordination with Credit team.
* e Handover sampled cases to agency for verification.
* e Cross check to agency verification report and match to sample file.


## Experience

* Sound knowledge in field of investigation, Monthly MIS, Billing , Vendor Training , Vendor Co-
* ordination , Branch Coordination
* 1.
* Poonawalla fincorp Itd (Assistant manager - March’22 to till Date)


## Training

* Preparing monthly bills of All Product.
* Pre & post investigations
* Surveillance activities
* Preparing monthly MIS of Gujarat location.
* 2. Aadhar housing finance Itd (On behalf of Aadhar sales and services pvt Itd) As a RCU Executive -
* November’19 to March’22)
* e Preparing monthly bills of All Product.
* e Maintaining MIS (monthly Information system) on daily basis of Gujarat location.
* e Preparing monthly MIS of Gujarat location.
* 3. Simran Management Services Pvt Ltd (Supervisor - March’19 to October’19)
* e Cross check - verification Report.
* 4. Simran management services pvt Itd (FCU sampler- May 2017 to February 2019)


## Academic Qualification:-

* Exam School/collage Year of Passing | Percentage/class
* ssc | 59%


## Ghs.E.B 2014

* | B.com | GUJ.UNI. 2017 Second Class
* M.com GUJ.UNI. 2019 Pass class


## Personal Details

* Date of Birth: 24" July 1997
* Father’s Name: Mr. Jitendrabhai Suthar
* Nationality: Indian
* Language Known: Gujarati, Hindi, English
* Hobbies: Music, Travelling
* All the information mention above is true to the best of my knowledge and | am willing to produce or iginal
* certificate or documents proof on demand.
--- Page Break ---
* Date: 18-11-2022 DIPKUMAR SUTHAR

