# 29906_121_sivaresumeaugust2022new2022112238

## Contact Information



## (Siva Kumar Singh § )

* E mail: shivachandu1973@ gmail.com
* Mobile: 7010369149


## Objective

* To work in a creative and challenging environment where we could constantly learn and contribute
* to the growth of the organization.


## Experience

* Company : POONAWALLA FINCORP LTD (MAGMA FINCORP LTD )
* Designation : BRANCH MANAGER & TEAM LEADER (91-365


## Coimbatore)

* Duration : March’ 2020 to TILL NOW.
* Company : HDB FINANCIAL SERVICES Ltd.
* Designation : TERRITORY MANAGER.
* Duration : June’ 2017 to Oct' 2019.
* Company : TATA MOTOR FINANCE Ltd.
* Designation : BRANCH INCHARGE& TSM.
* Duration : Feb’2014 to May'2017.
* Company : TATA MOTOR FINANCE Ltd [e-nxt]
* Designation : BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER -CV
* CRE [5 to 10 Buckets]
* Duration : 2007 to 2014
* Company : M/s. Centurion Bank Ltd.
* Designation : Sales Executive.
* Duration : 2004 to 2007
--- Page Break ---


## Profile

* 17 years’ experience in finance industry [Both Sales & Collection]
* Handling 4 Locations for collection Rs.600 Lacks every month.
* Handled Current buckets cases to NPA cases.
* Heading Collection Managers, Team Leaders and Field Collection Executives.
* Handled Branch level and Area level Collections.
* Achieved given target by Organization.


## Vv Vv V V Wv

* Sound knowledge in Collection & Repossession Car, Commercial vehicle, Construction
* Equipment.


## Personal Details

* Name SIVA KUMAR SINGH S
* Father’s Name G. Sankar Singh.
* Date of Birth 15.04.1969.
* Gender Male.
* Marital Status Married.
* Religion Hindu.
* Nationality Indian.


## References

* 1. Mr. Rajesh RM- ZCH (Vice President). M/s. Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. (9566010480)
* 2. Mr. Gopinath- St. Head, Mahindra Finance. (9840936606)


## Declaration

* I hereby declare that the above-furnished details are correct and true to the best of my knowledge
* and belief.

