# 29959_121_sunil_kumar_nayak_cv2022111604

## Contact Information



## Sunil Kumar Nayak

* Mobile: 07894452403
* E-MAIL: sunilkumarnayak75@ gmail.com,
* Mailing Address: S/o: Lt. Shyam Sundar Nayak, Plot No-K-4/1508 Kalinga Vihar
* Bhubaneswar-751019


## Career Precis

* A Graduate with Seventeen years of experience in Debt Management, Collection/Recoveries, Process and
* compliance, receivable Management in the Financial Sector. Was designated as a Deputy Manager in
* Recovery Department, with Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. Seeking a Challenging Career where | will show my
* inherent capabilities, enhance my skills and strengths in conjunction with the organizations goals & thus to
* prove myself as a worthy asset to the organization with innovativeness by taking risk in new venture.
* Industry Outline: POONAWALLA FINCORP LTD., CHOLAMANDALAM INVESTMENT AND FINANCE
* COMPANY LTD., MAGMA FINCORP LTD * CENTURION BANK OF PUNJ AB +] SS CONSULTANCY
* Product Outline: Commercial Vehicle, Construction Equipment, Car, Tractor, 3-Wheeler, 2- Wheeler.


## Profile

* June’2022-till Continue : Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd.
* e Assigned 0-30 DPD collection. Looking after the Portfolio Size of 20.50 Crores ODPOS with Team
* size of 8 collection executives.
* Dec’2020-till J) une 2022: Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Ltd.
* e Assigned 0-30 DPD Collection of Bhubaneswar Area Office.
* April’2020-till September10th, 2020: Magma Fincorp Ltd.
* e Assigned 31-90 DPD collection in various parameters -KPI i.e. (RF % & RB %) of Coastal Orissa’s
* 3 Nos. of Branches. (Cuttack, Angul, P aradip)
* April’2017-till Mar’2020: Magma Fincorp Ltd.
* e Assigned 0-60 DPD collection in various parameters -KPI i.e. (Bkt O RF%, 1-60 RF %, & 1-60 RB
* %) of Coastal Orissa’s 3 Nos. of Branches. (Bhubaneswar, Berhampur, Angul)
* May’2014-Mar’2017: Magma Fincorp Ltd.
* e Assigned 0-90 DPD collection in various parameters -KPI i.e. (Bkt 0 Colxn Eff, 1-30 RB %, 31-60
* RF%, 61-90RF%) of 4 Nos of Branches (Bhubaneswar, Berhampur, Angul & J eypore)
--- Page Break ---
* May’2012-April’2014: Team Leader Bucket “0” in Recovery Department, Magma Fincorp Ltd
* e Area Operations: Looking after the districts Contains Angul, Dhenkanal, and Cuttack.
* Kendrapara, and J agatsinghpur for last eight months.
* e Earlier was looking, Khurda, Puri, Nayagarh, Ganjam, Gajapati, Kandhamal, Rayagada, Koraput &
* Navrangpur.
* e Team Size: Three Tele-callers (In House), 9 Collection Executives (In House).
* Date of Birth- 03 J uly 1975


## Key Responsibilities

* Prime Responsibility is to ensure and achieve the business prescribed delinquency
* level of the given portfolio, where the portfolio covering the Asset Segments. In this
* regard was responsible for handling/supervising the following functions.
* Taking care of collections for the above given districts/locations.
* Set target for the outbound tele-calling team; review their performance on
* an ongoing basis.
* Providing necessary training for Tel-callers as well the in-house executives.
* Guide and observe the routine collection activities.
* Identifying problematic cases and takes proactive action to curb business
* activities to minimize bad sourcing.
* Investigating fraudulent transactions and organizing recoveries.
* October 2007 to April 2012 at Magma Fincorp Limited (MFL); Bhubaneswar, Recovery Department.
* Preparing MIS of CE, CV, & Car accounts of Sixteen Thousand delinquent
* cases across all the Buckets for Odisha Region.
* Allocating these cases to respective Team Leader and FOS and uploading
* these cases in Oracle within the TAT time.
* Preparing All Repossession Sale Activities and taking approval from the
* concerned authority for disposed of these vehicles.
* Coordinating with HO Accounts and taking necessary steps for closure.
* Updating the Collection Funds in a regular basis and reporting the position
* to Recovery Head on a daily basis.
* To maintain relationship and achieve customer satisfaction.
* November 2005 to September 2007 Company: Centurion Bank of Punjab (CBOP); Bhubaneswar
* Looking after the total Tw and 3w delinquency accounts of Bhubaneswar
* Location.
* Coordinating with Three Collection Agency of Bhubaneswar Location &
* Four spoke locations of Odisha.
* Preparing & Allocating the MIS to Agencies and taking review of them as
* and when required.
--- Page Break ---
* e Controlling the vehicle stock yard & initiating the sale approval from
* Regional office after getting repossession.
* e Reconciling the MR Books accordingly and comply the issues for audit
* purpose.
* e To maintain relationship and achieve customer satisfaction.
* e Preparing all the monthly MIS (i.e. Inventory, Repo stock, Loss on Sale &
* Costing)
* e Controlling all the recovery support jobs.
* e Reporting to Collection Manager as a daily basis.
* October 2004 to Oct’2005 Company: J SS Consultancy; Bhubaneswar
* e Worked as an executive of TATA Indicom Collection.
* e Preparing MIS and allocated the cases for field collectors. Taking review
* of each field collector as a daily basis.
* e Reporting to Collection Manager as a daily basis and also prepared the
* bills at the end of the month.


## Education

* e B.Sc. (Hons in Math) passed in the year 1995 under Berhampur
* University.
* e PGDCA under Computer Research & Application center, Bhubaneswar.
* e Complete ‘O’ Level Course Under ‘DOEACC’, New Delhi.


## Skills

* Place: Bhubaneswar Sunil Kumar Nayak

