# Kanhaiya Lal

## Contact Information

* kan.lal7170@ gmail.com


## Objective

* To secure a challenging position in a reputable organization to expand my learnings, knowledge, and


## Education

* ¢ Bachelor of Arts


## Vbri College

* Udiapur, Rajasthan Graduated,
* December 2020


## Experience

* e November 2017 - Oct
* 2021 Retail Operation
* Executive
* Hero Fincorp Ltd.
* Udaipur, Rajasthan
* e November 2021 — Current Credit — Senior Disbursement Officer Aavas Financiers Limited, Udaipur
* Rajasthan
* Retail Operation
* Executive
* My work is to handle Disbursement of entire Udaipur and Dungarpur location and with disbursement also doing
* the Customer Service of Retail finance.
* Products For Disbursement - Two-wheeler, Used Car, LPL, PL
* Customer Service - Customer's query regarding SOA, FC, RS, NOC, Payment Updating, Cash collection, Claim
* Settlement,
* apart from that also did some target-based work like Two-wheeler Insurance renewal, Online Mandate
* registration, Penal Income Collection.
* Also managing team and handling their issues with customer service, System and File related as FPR (First
* Person to Reach).
--- Page Break ---
* In working have managed to achieved highest disbursement numbers in TWO products in 2020 on PAN India at
* Hero Fincorp ltd. and Highest Insurance Policy in numbers for Rajasthan Location in J une 2020.
* Credit
* e Senior Disbursement Officer
* My role at Aavas Financiers Limited is linked to process of Mortgage, Housing Loan, where my key points to
* endeavor is —
* to check at login- Login Fee as applicable, customer KYC, Banking, and Property Papers if same met as
* applicable same will be processed for Technical Valuation
* e Disbursement Maker
* e Department Clearance,
* e Cheque Handover
* Computer Proficiency
* Operating Systems
* ¢« Win XP, Vista, 7 to 10 Software
* ° FinOne


## ° Wet

* ° MS Office


## Languages

* Hindi
* ¢ English
* ° Rajasthani


## Personal Details

* Birthday: 29/12/1992
* Gender: Male
* ¢ Marital Status: Married
* Nationality: Indian
* Address Details
* 51, Swroop Sagar, Railway Colony
* Ward no 21, udaipur
- 313001 Rajasthan
* Declaration
* |, Kanhaiya Lal, hereby declare that the information contained herein is true and correct to the best of my
* knowledge and belief.
* \ aye
* Kanhaiya Lal
* 10/12/2021
* Udaipur, Rajastha
--- Page Break ---


## References

* Mr. Ramji Rajak
* State Operation Manager
* Hero Fincorp Ltd
* J aipur Rajasthan
* Mr. Gopal Singh Nathawat
* Cluster Manager
* Hero Fincorp Ltd,


## Udaipur

* Rajasthan
* tel+91 - 9433339343
* email#ramji.rajak@herofincorp.com
* tel+91- 8696908050
* email#gopal.nathawat@herofincorp.com

