# Sourabh Nargude

## Contact Information

* Mail Id: souryn007@gmail.com
* Permanent Address: Sarkar Vadyya Javal at post Yadrav Tel Shirol Dis Kolhapur 416146


## Summary

* Have an experience of 38 months in support. Proven ability to enhance productivity and increase efficiency. Have
* an expertise in handling calls, managing data to convert a lead into sales.


## Experience

* Poonawalla Fincorp Limited, Pune (April’22 - Till the date)
* Sr. Executive — Digital sales
* e Taking Inbound calls to find qualified leads in the market.
* e Follow up on each and every customer seeking for loan, engage in intelligent conversations with these
* inquiries and get them and also taking documents through mail.
* e Update record in database with call activities and generate alternate contacts.
* e Resolving concerns related to the loan.
* Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Company, Pune (March'21-April’22)
* Chief Customer Relationship Manger (CCRM)
* e Making outbound call and inbound calls to find qualified leads.
* e Follow up on company’s marketing inquiries.
* e = engage in intelligent conversations with these till policy issuance.
* e Offering best of product as per customers need.
* Poonawalla Finance Limited, Pune (March'20-March’21)
* Customer Care Executive (CCE)
* e Making outbound calls to find qualified leads in the market.
* e Follow up on company’s marketing inquiries, engage in intelligent conversations with these inquiries and
* get them and taking documents through mail.
* e Update prospect database with call activities and generate alternate contacts.
* e Handling the customers concerns.
--- Page Break ---
* Hinduja Global Solutions, Pune (Oct’2018— Sept’2019)
* Customer Relation Officer (CRO)
* e Making outbound (cold) calls to find qualified leads in the market
* e Follow up on company’s marketing inquiries, engage in intelligent conversations with these inquiries and
* get them interested in setting up appointments or personal meetings.


## Education

* e  §.S.C — Maharashtra Board - Pune
* e  H.S.C — Maharashtra Board - Pune
* e B.Sc. — Shivaji University - Kolhapur


## Languages

* e = English
* e = Hindi
* e Kannada
* e = =Marathi

