# 3485_121_dilipthakur_resume2022111657

## Contact Information



## Curriculum — Vitae

* Permanent Address
* 23/52, Patkapur,
* Distt.- Kanpur
* Pin #208001
* Mob #, 09935096162
* E-Mail # Thakur.dkmagma@gmail.com


## Objective

* Work with full efficiency and capability for the well sake of the organization.


## Education

* 1 B.A. from Magadh University, Bihar in 1993.
* 2 Intermediate from Bihar Intermediate Board, Bihar in 1990.
* 3. High School from BSEB, Bihar in 1988.
* WORK PROFILE OF DUPUTY MANAGER ‘0-90’ BKT COLLECTION: feb 2020 to till date
* o,
* “~
* Manage collection of ‘0-90’ bucket.
* Manage collection team of 7 collection executives
* Regular review of team & field visit to the overdue customers for collection in various
* locations such as: Kanpur, ,
* Always achieve resolution target & targeted maturity efficiency.
* To manage all legal activities through our legal executives.
* Maintaining all records & MIS as required by the management.
* Collecting sourcing business and giving to marketing personnel.
* Handling more than 2000 contract of ‘0-90’ BKt.
* Cracking Expired contracts on regular basis.
* Regular preparation of performance MIS Report (Bucket, Product, Tele callers &
* collection executives) & reporting to Management.
* Responsible for monthly compliance audit of In-house collectors.
* Design strategy for manpower usage at in-house level so as to meet collection targets at
* minimum costs and prevent customers from getting delinquent.
* Ensure company policies are adhered by the team.
* Guiding the Tele callers & collection executives to achieve the targets.
* o,
* “~
* o,
* “~
* o,
* “~
* o,
* “~
* o,
* “~
* o,
* “~
* o,
* “~
* o,
* “~
* o,
* “~
* o,
* “~
* o,
* “~
* o, o,
* “~ “~
* WORK PROFILE OF BRANCH MANAGER UNNAO :magma fincorp from 2006 to 2018
* o,
* “~
* Manage all sales & collection activities.
* Manage team of 10 Field officers & one Area Manager.
* Portfolio Management.
* Manage collection of 0-60 Bkt of Branch
* Maintain relationship with dealer.
* Focus on used & tractor (high yield) business.
* Track, Diagnose and Initiate Corrective and preventive actions to enhance the process
* performance.
* “¢ Carry out Root Cause Analysis for low performance on various process KPI parameter
* and train the officers to meet their individual KPI norms
* “* Regular review of team & field visit for sales & to the overdue customers for collection
* in various locations
* o,
* “~
* o,
* “~
* o,
* “~
* o,
* “~
* o,
* “~
* o,
* “~
--- Page Break ---
* WORK PROFILE OF DUPUTY MANAGER ‘0-90’ BKT COLLECTION:
* >,
* ~~
* Manage collection of ‘0-90’ bucket.
* Manage collection team of 3 Tele callers & 11 collection executives
* Regular review of team & field visit to the overdue customers for collection in various
* locations such as: Kanpur, Ghatampur, Banda, Hamirpur, Mahoba, Unnao, Kannoj,
* Farrukhabad, Etawah, Mainpuri, Jhansi, Lalitpur etc.
* Always achieve resolution target & targeted maturity efficiency.
* To manage all legal activities through our legal executives.
* Maintaining all records & MIS as required by the management.
* Collecting sourcing business and giving to marketing personnel.
* Handling more than 2000 contract of ‘0-90’ BKt.
* Cracking Expired contracts on regular basis.
* Regular preparation of performance MIS Report (Bucket, Product, Tele callers &
* collection executives) & reporting to Management.
* Responsible for monthly compliance audit of In-house collectors.
* Design strategy for manpower usage at in-house level so as to meet collection targets at
* minimum costs and prevent customers from getting delinquent.
* Ensure company policies are adhered by the team.
* Guiding the Tele callers & collection executives to achieve the targets.
* >,
* ~~
* >,
* ~~
* >,
* ~~
* >,
* ~~
* >,
* ~~
* >,
* ~~
* >,
* ~~
* >,
* ~~
* >,
* ~~
* >,
* ~~
* >,
* ~~
* >,
* ~~
* >,
* ~~
* WORK PROFILE OF OPERATION EXECUTIVE IN ANIL VIDYARTHI & ASSOCIATES:
* Completing the Direct and Non Direct Files received from Direct Sales Officers, DMA’s and Franchisee.
* Dealing with Operations (Mumbai) for Disbursement of cases, issues resolutions, dealer payments etc.
* Dealing with franchisee, Respective Sales Officer for issue resolution of file before disbursement.
* Maintaining the Tracker of cases done of new vehicles, Refinance and Cash Loans (GAF) that contains
* no. of cases done, total disbursement amount, customer & contract IRR, Portfolio IRR, RC incentives
* and no. of cases of DMA’s separately, Dealer’s Account etc.
* Dealing with customer for resolutions his complaints like not received of quarterly statement issued from
* head office, not pickup of monthly EMI, not received of receipt of EMI, not received the NOC, not
* received the repayment schedule and any type of correspondence.
* Dealing with Dealers for delivery of vehicles, dealer’s payment disbursement, sale letters of vehicles
* delivered etc.
* Dealing with Customer's for completion of all the paper formalities before the delivery of vehicle or
* payment to Dealers / Customers.
* Making the Case on CDL (Citi Dealer) for booking the cases.
* Handling the PDD’s (Post Disbursement Documents) collection and updation of Non Direct cases.


## Personal Details

* Father’s Name : Late Shri Dnaneshwar Thakur
* Date of Birth : 20-01-1975
* Marital Status : Married
* Language Known : Hindi & English
* Hobbies : Listening Music, Travelling & Cricket.


## Ability

*“* To perform and make stand up decisions, to work under any circumstances, upfront
* leadership as well as capability of developing and leading storm teams. High regards for
* honesty and integrity both privately and in business. Good motivator.
--- Page Break ---


## Reference

* Mr. DEVESH GUPTA 9935542789


## Date

* Place: Kanpur (Dilip Kumar Thakur)

