# 4447_120_pku_resume2022111637

## Contact Information



## Pradeep Kumar Upadhyaya

* E-Mail: pradeep_upadhyaya@hotmail.com Mobile: +91-9903894954


## Summary

* Offering over 25+ years of rich cross functional experience in HP and Lease Loan Origination, Asset Servicing, Collections,
* Accounts, Legal and Business Analysis and ERP Implementation with proven ability to improve operations, impact business
* growth and maximize profits through achievement in finance management, cost reduction, internal control and productivity
* improvement. An effective communicator with excellent relationship, team building, leadership and negotiation skills with
* proven ability to create new business opportunities and liaise with regulatory authorities and external agencies.
* Core Competencies
* e Digital Transformation in NBFC
* e IT/ERP Projects Implementation on LOS/LMS and GL
* e Portfolio Analysis, Credit decisioning and Portfolio Acquisition automation.
* e HP/ Hypo Loan Origination, Loan Servicing and Debt Servicing & Process Management.
* e Finance and Operating Lease Accounting for Company Accounting and Taxations.
* e Master Lease Agreement Management, Client servicing for Periodic Billings and Discharge of Asset.
* e Accounting and Taxation compliance and statutory reporting of ROC, RBI, State VAT/GST and Service Tax
* e Vendor Recruitment & Mgmt for Recovery, Asset Re-possession and Skip tracing.
* e Call center Mgmt for soft buckets of delinquent customer.
* e NPL Management for Changing policies of Provisioning, Write offs and Recovery Accounting.
* e = Legal initiations tracking in course of Law for Arbitration and NI Acts..
* e Inventory and Disposal of re-possessed assets.
* e Debt recovery maintaining OPEX and CAPEX within allotted budget.
* e Effective Dashboard Maintenance & Presentation Skills.


## Employment

* POONAWALLA FINCORP LTD, (Previously known as Magma Fincorp Ltd) Kolkata
* Designation: General Manager -Il , Core App IT (Lead Business Analyst) April 2022 to Till Date
* Designation: General Manager, IT Projects (Lead Business Analyst) April 2016 to March 2022
* Designation: Senior Manager, IT Projects (Senior Business Analyst) April 2007 to March 2016


## Responsibilities

* e FPR for Business requirements and implementation in line with organization goals
* e FPR for ERP Implementation of Process Management in Loan Origination, Asset Servicing, Collections and Receivable
* Management.
* e Requirement gathering, process mapping and Application development with technical team size of 25+
* e Implementation of POC / POS and Handheld Collection system in Eastern Zone.
* e CRM Implementation
* e Implementation of Incentive Automation for internal / external payouts
* e PMS implementation across the Collection Vertical in Eastern Zone.
* e Portfolio Acquisition, Portfolio Analysis, Securitization and Due Diligence at IT.
* e Process Management under Legal Vertical in organization.
* e NPA Management. (Part of LMS implementation)
* e Collection of 180+ buckets for Eastern Zone.
* e Implantation of Credit Appraisal and Field verification.
* e Monitoring recovery personal to maintain outstanding at the minimum level and also to ensure timely recovery of monthly
* dues.
* e Well versed and hands on experience of 15+ yrs in PL SQL, writing complex queries and IT resolutions.
* e A proficient Senior Business Analyst with experience in Business requirement gathering, preparing FSD & SRS, conducting
* GAP analysis, conducting UAT and building the requirements as per user expectation
* e Team leader with effectiveness in Training, allocation of work, preparing project schedule and leading through example
* e Master in accounting policies and procedure.
* e Domain Knowledge: All types of Retail and corporate loans from origination to closure of loans, Securitization, Accounting,
* maintaining Balance sheet, P& L, Statutory Finance and Taxation reporting, Debt Mgmt and Legal.
--- Page Break ---
* Employee Incentive Automation.
* Transaction Handover and integration between Core System and Multi Applications.
* Data Migration plan and execution over the period of acquisitions and mergers.
* Establishment & Development of business relation with Vendors, Dealers, Brokers & Clients. Identify and develop new
* region to increase geographical distribution.
* Debt Securitizations with various banks and foreign institutions.
* Managing the preparation of MIS reports and other financial statements to provide feedback to top management on
* financial performance viz. fund management, credit control, profitability, etc.
* Managing Credit ratings requirements of ICRA, Care & CRISIL.
* Internal Audit and Implementation of Credit Appraisal policy and process.
* Preparation of various Financial and MIS Analysis required by external rating Agencies and prospective investors. (Including
* Budgeting, Ratio Analysis and Projections)
* Implementation of effective recovery mechanism for the existing portfolio of Citicorp and HDFC bank.
* Designing and implementing systems, procedures & manuals for the preparation & maintenance of statutory books of
* accounts and financial statements in compliance with time & accuracy norms.
* Coordinating internal and statutory; evaluating internal control systems / procedures with a view to highlight the
* shortcomings and implementing necessary recommendations.
* Back-office support for Operation and Credit Department.
* Liaising with banks & financial institutions for raising working capital; monitoring the inflow &outflow of funds to ensure
* optimum utilization of available funds towards the accomplishment of corporate goals.
* System Analysis & ERP implementation (including training) in organization.
* Customer support and service in Finance & Deposit division.


## Achievements

* 1.
* aR WN
* Rs. 400 Lacs generated as Fee based commission revenue from Recovery of CITICORP and HDFC Bank portfolio in states of
* West Bengal, Jnarkhand, Orissa & Bihar.
* Played pivotal role in raising fund of Rs 350 Lacs from FMO (Netherland Development Finance Company).
* Single handedly securitized portfolio of Rs. 3600 Lacs with UTI Bank (Axis Bank)
* Process synchronization with operations & statutory compliance enhanced Company’s rating from MA- to MA by ICRA.
* Implemented HP and Leasing (ERP) within record time of 7 Months.
* NPR Finance Limited, Kolkata April 1995 to March April 2004
* Designation: Manager - Finance & Accounts


## Own Odo Abwnhe

* . Successfully implementation of POC and Handheld Collection system within time period of 6 months.
* . Key player in merger of Shrachi Infra & GE Housing Money India with Magma Fincorp in 2006 & 2013.
* . Responsible for Securitization of various Portfolios with ICICI and Citi Corp.
* . Successful acquisition of Religare Auto Lease portfolio in the existing core lending system of Magma Fincorp.
* . Excellent relation with clients helped in maintaining the average outstanding below 5% & legal cases below 1%.
* . Developing and managing the entire accounting related requirements in the existing core lending system.
* . Recovered written-off portfolio amounting valuation of Rs 16 Cr with higher collection efficiency of 104% in 2006.
* . Successfully implementation of Incentive Automation Project
* . Successfully Implementation of GST compliance in ERP
* 10 CRM Impanation
* 11. POS / POC Implantation and re-engineering.
* SHRACHI INFRASTRUTURE FINANCE LTD, Kolkata April 2004 to March 2007
* Designation: Manager - Corporate Affairs


## Job Responsibilities

* Recovery & Credit Control of Debtors.
* Credit Appraisal & Field Verification.
* Dealing with Day-to-Day customers in Finance, Deposit & Foreign Exchange.
* Finalization of Financial Accounts & Tax planning.
* Preparation of all kinds of accounts books and statements like BRS, Cash Flow, Projections etc.
* Preparation of all kinds of statutory returns for RBI, Banks and Tax Authorities.
* Supervision of Statutory and Internal Audit in the organization.
* Banking and Finance Controlling including Cash Management.
* Credit Rating exercise for ICRA & CRISIL.
* Dealing with Bank, Insurance Co., PVD & RBI.
* Branch Administration and Coordination.
* System Analysis & Financial ERP implementation within organization.
* Preparation of requirement & System specification.
* EDP Maintenance & Troubleshooting (Hardware & Software) in LAN environment.
* Payroll Monitoring.
--- Page Break ---
* e Office Administration
* DPS DEVELOPMENT (P) LTD, Kolkata January 1993 to March 1995
* Designation: Accountant
* e Accounts & Finalization.
* e Banking & Finance.
* e Front office and Administration.
* e Branch Audit.
* e Recovery of Debts


## Education

* e Attended various workshops conducted by IT, Financial Institutions & RBI.


## Training

* e Certification in Oracle 8 with Developer 2000 for Client Server Application from
* Oracle Software India Ltd. Kolkata.
* e Foundation Course for DOS, WIN95, FoxPro & OOPS from SQL Star Int. Kolkata
* e Bachelor of Commerce from Jabalpur University (M.P.)


## Skills

* Operating System: DOS, Win 9x, 2000, Win XP & Novell Netware


## Languages

* DBMS: Dbase V, FoxPro 2.5
* RDBMS: Sybase, SQL Server & ORACLE 8i to 11G
* GUI: Developer 2000. (Forms and Reports) 12C
* Hardware: Pentium Server, 486 or higher
* Others: MS-Office, Tally, Fact, Lotus SmartSuite.
* Quick Bearer, Adaptable, Excellent Working hand
* on Computers and Well Conversant with complex queries in PL/SQL
* Personal Dossier
* Date of Birth : 22d June 1971
* Address : Ganpati Apt, 21 Kshetra Mitra Lane, Salkia, Howrah - 711106

