# Kamal Purkait

## Contact Information

* Phone: 9831654830 (Mobile)
* E-mail: kamal 74purkait@ gmail.com


## Experience

* Poonawalla Fincorp Lid (F ormerly Magma Fincorp Lid
* October 2001 — Till date
* Department: IT & System Development
* Designation: Manager


## J Ob Role And Responsibility

* Gathering business requirement, mapping the requirement with system, involve in Gap Analysis, building the
* solution to meet client expectations
* Coordinating with various stakeholders of different department.
* Interaction with Development team on the enhancements to be undertaken in the Product as per requirement
* from Business.
* Preparation of BRD(Business requirement document) and FSD (Functional specification document)
* Responsibility in making new IT requirement for development for Housing & SME department
* Understand the business requirement by having a meet with the business counterpart
* Preparing BRS and providing the same to the developer to initiate the development
* Conducting the UAT and Health check (User acceptance testing) after the development is completed
* Providing the feedback and observation to the IT development team to rectify the issue
* Preparing the training presentation with flow charts and circulation done across department
* Analyzing program risks and taking corrective actions without affecting the deadlines.
* Conducting the training session for all users across India
* Sole responsible for any IT system related issue faced by business team
* Handled the project on LOS(Loan origination system) during the system change from Oracle(It includes both
* mobile and Web application)
* Knowledge on Lead Squared CRM system and implementing the same
* Good knowledge on Loan Management system (LMS)
* Part of the M-Core Project team
--- Page Break ---
* Part of the Navoday Project which was the complete change from M-Core system to LOS
* Establish and manage relationship with client’s business and project stakeholders
* Single Point of contact for system related queries and issues reported from the Business and to deliver
* training to team members accordingly and cascade procedural updates
* Suggested Process improvement ideas which were appreciated and approved by the Product Head
* Good understanding of Business Product and Policy which helps in quick and effective system development


## Achievements

* Won the Super Star award from the IT head of the company
* Very good Product knowledge on ABF, SME, Housing Loans & Mortgage loans, Insurance(Life, Loan
* Guard, Property) etc.
* My developments and co-ordination with IT backend team were well appreciated by all higher authorities
* of the Business
* Received many appreciation mails from the higher level for quick TAT is resolving the system issues faced
* by the user.
* I am the one person who is used to make the product training manual and train all locations when any new
* development is implemented.
* = Have been recognized as the best accountant of the region
* = Good team managing skills, hence has been promoted as a team leader to train the new employees
* = Received appreciation from Head of business for my efficient working


## Senco Gold

* August 2000 — November 2001
* Department: Stock Accounting and Cash Executive
* Designation: Senior Executive


## J Ob Responsibility

* Handling cash related transaction and making all necessary reports.
* Received the best performer award for highest productivity and 100% quality in a month.
* Received appreciation mails from Head of Marketing
* Also got appreciation from the Vice president for continuous 100% quality
* Amrit Exports Pvt Lid
* April 1996— J une 2000
* Department: Stock Accounting
* Designation: Executive
--- Page Break ---
* = A Company engaged in Business of Export of Leather Gloves.
* = Liasioning with Gloves manufacturers.
* » Accounts maintenance.


## Computer Proficiency

* Operating System: Windows-95, Windows-98, Windows-2000 and Windows XP.
* Application Software: Oracle 12c, PL SQL, PostgreSQL
* Other Tools: Zoho, Redmine and Service Desk


## Education

* B.Com from Calcutta University in the year 1994


## Training

* RPA - Simplilearn
* Diploma in Computer Application & programming -Brain ware
* Personal Information
* Date of Birth
* Marital Status
* Father’s Name


## Languages

* Areas of Interest
* Hobbies
* Passport Number
* : 1 May 1972
* : Married
* : Mr. Kanai Lal Purkait
* : English, Hindi, Bengali
* : Management, Administration, Banking, Computers.
* : Cricket, Badminton, Carrom & Music


## : K0509383

* | hereby accept that all the information provided are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

