# 6099_120_sushilpillaicv2022111836

## Contact Information



## Sushil Pillai

* Address - Ho.no 7/6 Mahaveer Compound Sadar Bazar 44 cantonment Jabalpur-482001


## (M.P)9179085478

* Email - sushilnillai7@gmail.com
* To perform at the highest level of my potential working towards the set goal and targets. Striving to achieve
* perfection at the job and better myself through continuous gain of knowledge & through continuous learning


## Experience

* DATES FROM — 2007 Till date
* POONAWALLA FIN CORP LTD (FORMERLY KNOWN AS MAGMA FINCORP LIMITED)
* PRESENTLY POSTED AT GUJARAT AS : Customer service manager (CSM)
* Looking after Gujarat Region FROM JAN 2022 TILL DATE
* JOB PROFILES: CUSTOMER SERVICE MANAGER (CSM) From 2013 TILL DATE


## Cross Sell

* LEAD GENERATION FROM WALKIN CUSTOMERS FOR RESPECTIVE LOCATIONS
* DAILY FOLLOW UP WITH BIZ STAKE HOLDERS FOR EFFECTIVE LEAD CONVERSION
* ENSURING CROSS SELL TARGET ACHIEVEMENT FOR THE REGION


## Adherence To Cross Sell Guidelines

* OOO oO


## Branch Visit

* © MEET STAKE HOLDERS - BM/AM/TBH/FO & SHARE INSIGHTS AT THE GROUND
* LEVEL WHICH NEEDS TO BE WORKED ON TO IMPROVE LEAD CONVERSION


## Customer Service

* O HANDLING CUSTOMER QRG IN AN APPROPRIATE WAY & REGISTERATION OF


## The Same In Crm

* O FOLLOW UP OF CUSTOMER REQUEST & GRIEVANCE WITH STAKE HOLDER FOR


## Final Resolution

* O FOLLOWING UP FOR NOC DELIVERY WITH CUSTOMERS PROACTIVELY


## O Hand Over Of Property Documents Along With Noc.

* ACKNOWLEDGEMENT TO BE TAKEN AND SHARED WITH COLLATERAL


## O Acknowledgement Of Noc Handed Over To Be Filed

* O EXPIRED NOC SHREDDING ON A MONTHLY BASIS. SEPARATE FILE TO BE


## Maintained

* O CUSTOMER REFUND CHEQUES AND ORIGINAL INVOICE RETRIEVED SHOULD BE
* MAINTAINED UNDER LOCK & KEY AND FOLLOW UP WITH CX FOR HANDOVER
--- Page Break ---
* TERRITORY OPERATION -TEAM LEADER (OPERATION, ACCOUNTS & CUSTOMER SERVICE)
* PERIOD Nov 2020 To DEc2021
* Handling team of 5 members & 4 Branches (Gwalior Territory)
* Handling Operation, Accounts & Customer Service as per Policy.
* Authorization of all retails assets Loan files e.g. CV, Tractor, Car, etc
* Monitoring accounts activities e.g., Daily Cash/Cheque collection & deposition, Receipt
* processing as well as audit.
* Monitoring for disbursement with correctness & should be proper compliance.
* Monitoring of timely dispatching (Credit & Legal folder) across branches
* Evaluate a personal credit’s worthiness.
* Reviewing Loan agreements to check nothing has changed.
* Authorization of Disbursement in Fin one & cross verifying documents
* Delegated duties to team & giving them specific tasks to accomplish to complete within
* timeline.
* Dealing with different agencies which are working for collection of PDD.
* Monitor daily operational activities to ensure free flow process & also supervise the
* execution
* of daily task.
* Successfully trained new joined Candidates.
* Follow-up with respective stake holders for timely submission of OTC/PDD documents.
* Good leadership qualities, with high inspiration & motivation with good interpersonal &


## 00000C~U0Duucocooconcconcocucocucoo Co

* Oo 0 0 0
* JOB PROFILES: CUSTOMER SERVICE MANAGER (CSM) From 2013 TILL DATE NOV 2020


## Job Responsibiles: Cro From: 2012-2013

* O TAKING CARE OF TWO REGIONS: MP, CHHTISGARH POSTING AT RAIPUR ASA


## Responsibilites

* O CREATING ORDERS OF MACHINES & SPARE PARTS ON (SAP)


## Year 1998

--- Page Break ---
* B’COM-FINAL, - RANI DURGAVATI VISHWAVIDYALAYA (M.P.)


## Year-1996

* 12™ , ST.ALoyusis S.S.S (CBSC)


## Personal Details

* Father’s Name_ Mr. Ramadass Pillai
* Date of Birth 09" Feb 1976
* Nationality = Indian
* Marital Status Married
* Language known English, Hindi
* Hobbies Playing football


## Declaration

* | hereby declare that the information furnished above is complete and true to the best of my
* knowledge.


## Date

* Place: Jabalpur (Sushil Pillai)

