# Ajit Krishnan

## Contact Information

* E-mail ID: ak.74krishnan@gmail.com


## Skills

* Experienced in increasing revenues, Portfolio Management, P&L Driver and Revenue
* Accelerator, Strategist with Career success in Delivering Solutions, Developing
* profitable and productive business relationships, Fraud and Risk Management.
* Proficient in managing Revenue Assurance function entailing Collection Assessment & Control, Fraud
* Management and Statutory Compliances.
* Demonstrated skills in team supervision and relationship management as well as exceptional communication
* abilities to cut across the organizational levels and accomplish targets.
* Core Competencies
* Collection Management / Control
* v
* v
* Team leader who effectively meets goals through strong leadership, interpersonal communication, and
* analytical abilities. Proven skills in breaking new avenues & driving revenue growth and proactively conducting
* opportunity analysis by keeping abreast of market trends/ competitor moves to achieve market-share metrics.
* Heading the overall risk operations involving determining organizational objectives, designing & implementing
* systems, policies & procedures to facilitate internal control.
--- Page Break ---
* Formulating pre-planned developmental strategies for achievement of goals and targets by identifying &
* developing new avenues for long term growth.
* ¥ Managing overall Market Risk, Credit Risk & Operations Risk, involved in collection assessment, internal/
* external Audit as well as monitoring mitigants & portfolio Trends.
* ¥ Devising and effectuating Collection policies & managing wide Collection and implementing effective
* mechanisms to mitigate the same.
* v Reviewing all agency audits, agency Files, trail gap report and corrective actions, cost of collection location
* wise, bounce MIS and check for trends, etc.
* Business Strategy
* ¥ Designing and implement collection strategy, techniques and procedures for front-end, mid-range and hard-
* core collections.
* ¥ Branch and Product Categorization and Strategize for overall Portfolio growth
* ¥  Strategize on Higher Fee based Income / ODI / Insurance to increase Bottom line
* ¥ Reviewing the collections strategy regularly and ensuring that the collection techniques change with the change
* in the legal and economic situation.
* v Analyzing the delinquency reports and monitoring the trends in collections by referring to concerned areas &


## Work Style

* Track record of enthusiastic leadership and achievement in all assignments; consistently
* promoted to positions of increasing responsibility. Expertise in determining company’s
* mission & strategic direction as conveyed through policies & corporate objectives.
* Present Assignment - National Collection Head for Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd
* _Roles Managed -
* Zonal Collection Head - 2008 till 2011
* National Collection Head 0 to 30 - 2011 till 2015
* Quality Assurance and Control - 2015 - August 2016
* Business Head - East - 2016 till April 2020
* National Collection Head 0 to 90 - Till date
* v
* v
* Keep Roll Rates and Collection Efficiency as per Targets
* Overseeing business development operations; accountable for increasing profitability and achieving business
* objectives within budgeted parameters. Formulating business plan for development and growth of the
* organisation. Steering wide spectrum of business directions, ensuring profitability in line with organisational


## Objective

* Understanding of Rural Markets in terms of Potential at a Product level and Channel Distribution
* A planner with expertise in leading teams for running process operations & experience of developing
* procedures, service standards for business excellence.
* A result oriented leader with proven expertise in leading delinquent accounts, recovery planning, effectuating
* Collection policies, managing wide risks and implementing mechanisms to mitigate risks.
* Proficient in managing day-to-day operations of the collection process to ensure the highest quality of customer
* collection services.
* Review Rigor , Execution Excellence ,Training & motivating towards quality deliverables in the market.
* Providing direction, motivation & training to Business Team for ensuring optimum performance and enhancing


## Profile

* ¥ Handled high value fraud cases / defaulters / insolvent clients and initiating appropriate legal actions against
* them by liaising with CPA, Lawyer and Valuer etc.
* Team Management
* v
* v
* v
* Leading & monitoring the performance of team members to ensure efficiency in operations and meeting of
* individual & group targets.
* Imparting training to agencies & in-house team to implement audit norms and policies as per guidelines and
* ensuring strict adherence to various norms.
* Managing Appraisal process across the levels and establishing framework for substantiating Performance
* Appraisal system linked to Reward Management.
* Setting targets and defining the KRA’s of the team.
* Present Roles & Responsibilities
* National Collection Head 0 to 90 DPD
* Quality Assurance and Control
* Collection Job Responsibilities
* >,
* “o
* o
* ~~
* i?
* 6
* >,
* “~
* 0
*
* 0
*
* 0
*
* 0
*
* 0
*
* 0
*
* 0
*
* 0
*
* 0
*
* 0,
* wy
* Responsible to manage the major product Like Home Loan, Auto Lease, ME, Strategic CE, CE, CV, SUV ( Re-
* finance) , Car, Tractor
* Operationally responsible for across the product collections with alive portfolio consisting of more than 2 lac
* contracts with an annual monthly billing of 4000 Cr.
* Managing a team of 1508 resources ( 20 SHs, 125-FTL,-OPS TL,261 Tele Calling Executives & 900 Field
* Executives) through a team of 5 Zonal Heads.
* Formulating strategies and providing tools through Input Parameters to enhance Effectiveness and Collection
* Output
* Initiated Standardized MIS for monitoring and planning collections across buckets.
* Key member in setting up YTD loss numbers, COC & CAP plan.
* Ensured Vintage cases is properly allocated and review work flow of Legal proceeding.
* Handled arbitration process.
* Managed a team doing repossessions to the tune of 1000 assets per month
* Launched the demand legal notice drive against recovery customers.
* Monitored the process of selecting appropriate police station to execute Sec-9, 17,138 & 156.
* Monitored Open/On line auction for entire repo or court attachment properties.
* Imparting collection audit Internal & external Audit and make sure their queries is resolved without any
* discrepancies.
* Cost Management- optimizing the current level of performance & by ensuring Zero tolerance to revenue
* leakages.
* Previous Assignments
* Oct 06- Jan’08
--- Page Break ---
* Assistant Vice President,SREI Infrastructure Finance Ltd.
* Primarily responsible- for implementing strategies across locations (pan-India) for optimizing receivables through
* tele-calling & Field collection net work
* Setting up call centers across regions & putting infrastructure in place for facilitating a strong & result oriented
* tele calling set up especially at soft buckets.
* Monitoring of the entire tele calling process; through various tools starting from productivity measurements, TAT


## Achievements

* Imparting training & lending help to the team for optimum result, especially at building up greater customer
* relationship through best of the customer service at high tickets
* Special focus on soft buckets - to devise various strategies for reducing the front end stock size & forward flows to
* higher buckets.
* Cost Management while ensuring optimum results through effective people management & people positioning.
* Continuous portfolio & product segment wise analysis, sharing the results with the Management for future product
* & Business development.
* NPA Management for the entire country.
* Nov’01 - Sep’06 as Assistant Vice President ( NCM),CitiFinancial CFI Ltd ( Citi Group).
* Incharge of Country’s Collection for Sales Finance (Consumer Durables/TW) and Auto Portfolio. Prior to this
* was Regional Collections Head for Eastern India in Personal Loans and Sales Finance (5 States)
* Responsible for overall Delinquencies and loss rates across 300 locations with ANR of 650 crores.
* Collection agency management and capacity planning (A strong net work of 300 collection agencies across PAN
* Awarded the best Region for lowest delinquencies and loses, in the entire country for the year 2002-2003 &
* 2004-2005
* Joined Citi Financial as Manager - Collections and got promoted to be Sr Manager then to AVP and currently
* managing National Portfolio in brief stint of 4.5 years .
* Sep’2000- Nov’2001 UT World Wide
* Asst.Manager- Credit Control.
* TNT India Ltd. April 1996 — August 2000
* Credit Control Executive Kolkata, West Bengal
--- Page Break ---
* 1. Monitor compliance with payment term discipline and ensure the exceptional payment terms are appropiately
* authorized
* 2. Debtors management and regular interaction with client for speedy recovery of the outstanding dues
* 3. Proactively assessing client intentions and financial soundness of the client, through various apparent and
* market report and advise RFM/RM regarding needs to withdraw credit facilities.
* 4. Encourage direct reports to continuously review procedures and systems and make recommendations for
* continuous improvement
* 5. Advise accounts which requires higher level credit check
* Awarded the best credit controller in Asia Pacific Region
* Received Employee of the month award for best collection.
* DHL Worldwide Express March 1995 — March 1996
* Credit Control Executive Kolkata,West Bengal
* Debtors Management and regular interaction with the client for speedy recovery of the outstanding dues


## India)

* Formulation of Policies and Collections Strategies with guidelines of Citigroup in accordance with CPV and FCU
* unit.
* Collection cost analysis
* Audit and legal formalities
* Encourage direct reports to continuously review procedure and systems and make recommendation for
* continuous improvement
* “+ Project Worked Tenure
* a. Collection cost 3 Months
* b. W/Off Collections 3 Months


## Education

* Calcutta University — (Ashutosh College)
* September 1995 Kolkata, West Bengal
* Graduate in Science


## Personal Details

* Date of Birth : 16th August 1973
* Languages Known : English, Hindi, Bengali, Malayalam
* Permanent Address : South City Garden, Tower - 1, Flat - 5H ;KOLKATA - 53
* (Ajit Krishnan)

