# 7002_120_cv_nitin_new2022111640

## Contact Information



## Experience

* Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd (formally
* known as Magma Fincorp Ltd )
* (Jaipur, Rajasthan)
* Operation Division
* 3 largest NBFC in India & the most
* admired & Fastest Growing private
* sector company


## Designation

* Zonal Operations Head - North
* (June.08 -— Till Date)
* Operations Manager
* (Sept 01 -— June.08)
* Apple Finance Limited
* (Jaipur , Rajasthan)
* Car Finance Division
* Commercial Trainee )
* (Jan’00 — Aug’01)


## Education

* LL.B from Rajasthan University, Jaipur - 2002
* B.Com. from Rajasthan University, Jaipur - 1999
* Std. XII (Rajasthan Board of School Education) -1996
* Std. X (Rajasthan Board of School Education) -1994


## Profile

* Monitoring & Controlling of all Operational Activities including
* disbursement activity for Secured & Un-Secured Products for North Zone
* ( Delhi , Rajasthan , Haryana & Punjab ) as a capacity of Zonal Operation
* Head.
* Reporting Authority of all operational staff including (Staff size 94) in 58
* Locations of North.
* Alignment of Operations strategy to the Business Unit strategy for
* achievement of budget targets.
* Close interaction with Credit /Sales/ Product/IT and other key stakeholders
-for understanding business plans and aligning deliveries with these plans.
* Implement process and service metrics for measurement and drive
* operations process and service improvements across all levels.
* Responsible for Fulfillment of audit measures and compliance of prescribed
* documentation and norms while adhering to various reporting guidelines
* Responsible for Overall TAT compliance, Daily cash transactions, Money
* receipts recon.
* Preparation of Operation Budget- Project Manpower requirement &
* Expenses based on the projected business, Variance Analysis of expenses.
* Ensure the disbursal cheque delivered to customer on time & disbursed
* files sent to HO in TAT.
* Responsible for resolution of escalations and Customer complaints and
* coordination with other departments for Ensuring smooth flow of
* operations Developing and implementing procedures, control systems for
* maintaining quality standards.
* Build a team and recruit operations and branch operations staff in line with
* the operating model requirements and business objectives
* To ensure effective management of and communication with all retail staff
* and to ensure adequate staffing levels throughout the business to promote
* BAU and handle issues.
* Perform training for operations staff and measure and improve
* performance and productivity
* Help set up and lead Branch due diligence and ensure the desired
* effectiveness is achieved.
* Manage Branches under the zone and look at efficiencies and smooth
* processing.
* Manage Budgets / Compliance related points of the Zones / Branch
* vertical.
* Leading efforts for streamlining processes and generating cost savings in
* operations.
* Ensure profitability of operations and supervise all aspects of
* management.
--- Page Break ---
* Centurion Bank of Punjab Ltd
* (Jaipur, Rajasthan)
* Assets Finance Division
* Centurion Bank is the India’s most
* admired & Fastest Growing private
* sector Bank, passionate about
* creating magic in people’s lives
* through personalized service and
* partnering them in realizing their
* dreams.
* Father’s Name: N. D. Agrawal
* Ensure compliance of policy for Foreclosure & termination of Loans
* Accounts
* Two Wheeler loan sanctioning authority for Rs. 1 Lac and 50 K for
* handling Administration work of Office .
* Cheque Deposition on date, Maintained of Cash book
* MIS report to R.O. every day
* Handling Cash Collection, Follow-up of NOC from HO
* Strengths
* e Good Analytical abilities and detail oriented.
* e Strong Quantitative skills and comfortable with numbers.
* Date of Birth : 1st December 1979 e Good team player with high degree of self motivation.
* Marital Status _: Married e Positive mindset
* e Team Spirit
* Make contact with


## Stpl.

* Monitoring and Controlling of all Operational Activities of Jaipur Branch ,
* Handling Responsibility of Operation Incharge.
* Reporting Authority of all operational staff including Customer Service,
* Disbursement and Banking Team (Staff size 14).
* Monitoring of Bank Reconciliations and Mapping of 26 Bank Accounts for
* entire Rajasthan Region.
* Monitoring the MIS consisting of analyzing all the MIS to be sent to the
* Head Office- Mumbai for freezing the monthly sales volumes achieved by
* respective products.
* Handling Disbursement of Two Wheelers, Personal Loan & Auto Loan &
* controlling of Disbursement of Commercial Vehicle , Constriction Equipment
* & Home Loan include LAP.
* Correspondence with Regional and Head Office.
* Imparting training to juniors on various Operational aspects & policies.
* Coordination with the Internal Auditors for MIS Audit & review.
* Ensuring that the daily banking of PDC’S/SI/ECS happens in time & check
* for any deviation in Banking.
* Preparation of Operation Budget- Project Man Power requirement &
* Expenses based on the projected business, Variance Analysis of expenses.
* Calculation of Dealer Trade Advance, Dealer Incentive


## E- Mail

* nitin.agrawal2@rediffmail.com
* Mobile : 09829077034


## Present & Permanent Address

--- Page Break ---
* #1,Sita Ram Bazar , Brahampuri ,
* Jaipur , Rajasthan.
* (2). Jitendra Rai
* (1). Mr. Bhisham Dhamija
* References: Regional Sales Head Regional Sales Head
* Agriwise Finserve IKF Finance
* Mob: 09876556056 Mob.09829053035

