# 7477_121_cvsudiptaghosh20212022111600

## Contact Information



## Address

* Sudipta Ghosh
* Hand Phone: 98316 20111 HB — 298 / 6, Sector — II,
* Email: sudiptaghosh71@yahoo.in Salt Lake, Kolkata — 106


## Objective

* Self — enrichment and value addition to my organisation through challenging assignments in Sales /
* Marketing / Risk / Collection / CRM in retail lending industry in a high growth-oriented atmosphere.


## Experience

* e 26 years’ experience in Sales, Marketing (Advertising & Communication), Credit & Operations,
* Customer Care, Channel Management (Acquisition, development & retention), Training, Process and
* Quality Control and Receivables Management in retail finance industry.
* e Capable of leading large functional teams (both in-house & outsourced) in different verticals (Sales,
* Credit, Recovery & CRM) in regional / zonal and national level.
* e Handling of large multilayered recovery and legal teams over last twelve years and a complex
* multiproduct portfolio (CV, CE, CAR, TRACTOR — New and Used, HL and LAP, SME) in a difficult and
* volatile market of East and South India to regularly deliver desired efficiency in a extremely target
* and productivity oriented environment.
* e Experienced in managing Branches / SBUs / Regions as independent profit centers covering Sales,
* Recovery, Credit, Operation, Customer Care, Accounts and HR functions.
* e Operational knowledge of handling external and internal communication function including
* developing national level creative strategy and media plan, recruiting and managing creative and
* media planning agencies.
* e Have taken part and delivered in many projects related to different functions in retail lending and
* receivables management as a project team member / project manager or sponsor.
* e A keen planner and strategist with proven abilities in addressing operational issues, resolving
* performance bottlenecks and achieving desired objectives.
* e A certified trainer (Retail Finance — Recovery Domain) and good communicator with excellent team


## Skills

* Career Highlights
* Aug ’09 to Date: Associated with Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. (erstwhile Magma Fincorp Ltd.) in
* various Capacities as below...
* Apr ’20 to date: Zonal Collection Head (East) — (31-90 - ABF)
* e §=Collections - ABF (CV, CE, CAR, TRACTOR — New and Used) and SME in 31-90 buckets which
* includes managing a team of 225 Field Officers — 32 Team Leaders and 5 RCH at 5 regions.
* e Achieving collection efficiency and roll rates bucket — product & state wise as also for the Zone.
* e Maximizing the revenue efficiency through collection of additional finance charges.
* e Handling Repossession and Legal recovery for the entire zone across product lines.
* Nov ’17 to Mar ‘20: Zonal Head (East & South) — Quality Control (ABF)
* e Collections (All products 0-90 including HL / SME Loans and repossessions) which includes
* managing a team of 250 telecallers and 1600 Field Officers at 8 regions in East and South.
* e Designing various new business processes like Risk segmentation of portfolio, Quantity and
* quality mapping of team activity (calling, visit and supervision), activity requirement mapping for
* better resource optimization.
--- Page Break ---
* Standardising processes by drawing up the SOPs. Enhance and support the implementation of
* new business processes. Track, diagnose and initiate corrective measures through Internal
* Quality Audit at the branch level to enhance the process effectiveness.
* Dec 715 to Oct’17: Regional Business Head (Orissa) — Sales, Collection, Credit, Product
* ABF (CV-CE-Car-Tractor-SUVIDHA/USED) and Insurance Sales.
* Collections (All products 0-90 including HL and SME Loans)
* Credit, Product and Channel management and OEM Relationships.
* Overall Profitability of the Orissa SBU operations.
* Aug 715 to Nov ‘15: Zonal Coll. Head (East) — 0-90 Buckets
* Managing the collections for 0-90 buckets for the ABF, HL and LAP, SME verticals in East.
* Handling Repossession and Legal recovery for the entire zone across product lines.
* Achieving collection efficiency bucket — product & state wise as also for the Zone.
* Maximizing the revenue efficiency through collection of additional finance charges.
* April ’14 to Jul’15: Zonal Head (East & North) — Field and Forum (Recovery)
* Designing various new business processes like Risk segmentation of portfolio, Quantity and
* quality mapping of team activity (calling, visit and supervision), activity requirement mapping for
* better resource optimization and lesser TAT.
* Standardizing processes by drawing up the SOPs for new processes and re-designing of existing
* SOPs as required. Enhance and support the implementation of new business processes.
* Manage the process performance by identifying exceptions. Constantly coaching and mentoring
* the team through imparting classroom — web (Design & development of various E Learning


## Training

* Identifying problem areas and decide on the best solution through collaborative experience,
* evaluating the viability of the solutions and then constantly fine tuning the evolving processes.
* May ‘13 to April 14: Zonal Coll. Head (East) — 31-90 Buckets
* Managing the collections for 31-90 buckets for the ABF (CV, CE, CAR, TRACTOR — New and Used).
* Achieving collection efficiency bucket — product & state wise as also for the Zone.
* Maximizing the revenue efficiency through collection of additional finance charges.
* Handling Repossession and Legal recovery for the entire zone across product lines.
* May ‘12 to April 13: Zonal Coll. Head (East) — Collection (1-60) & Verification
* Managing the collections for 1-60 buckets for the ABF verticals in the Eastern states.
* Responsible for handling the Field Inspection activity for all asset products in the East.
* Improving both Fl TAT and Quality - the key deliverables across divisions and location
* Maximizing the revenue efficiency through collection of additional finance charges.
* Proactively arrest any major fraud in the field of verification which was new for the team
* Having a special focus on Infant and Early Delinquent pools to maintain the target parameters
* Aug ‘11 to Apr’12: Sr. Project Manager — Recovery
* Handling the Sub-vertical — Projects under Recovery vertical managing various projects.
* Pioneering an exercise of district wise mapping of — portfolio distribution / FOS deployment /
* Product mix / business trend and recovery viability (Pan India).
* Re-designing and partially developing the existing legal module in oracle platform in coordination
* with Legal & IT verticals to make it comprehensive and user friendly.
* Ideation — Development and Roll-out of the E Learning and Certification programs for recovery
* tele-callers and field staff with help of L&D and external vendors.
* Contributing in the Automated Collection Project - Phase 2 (SBI Deposition) as a project member.
* Designing and development of the Automated Collection Project — Phase 3 (Activity mapping)
* with cross vertical teams and external software vendors as the project manager.
* Managing other smaller projects like customer classification based on risk indicators, recovery
* budgeting, portfolio analysis and target simulations...
--- Page Break ---
* Apr ’10 to Jul’11: Regional Head — Recovery (Bihar — Jharkhand)
* e Managing collections for asset products for Bihar and Jharkhand for 0-180 buckets.
* e Achieving collection efficiency bucket — product & state wise as also for the SBU.
* e Maximizing the revenue efficiency through collection of additional finance charges.
* e Managing the roll rates at each bucket to achieve the NCL targets.
* Aug ’09 to Apr 10: Regional Head — Recovery - West Bengal
* e Achieving collection efficiency bucket-wise, product-wise as also for the overall SBU.
* e Maximizing the revenue efficiency through collection of additional finance charges.
* e Managing the roll rates at each bucket to achieve the NCL targets.
* e Maximizing profit on the sale of repossessed assets.
* About Poonawalla Fincorp
* Poonawalla Fincorp Limited, known earlier as Magma Fincorp Limited is a Poonawalla group non-
* banking finance company that focuses on consumer and MSME financing. They offer a diversified
* product suite to address the growing financing needs of the retail financing and the enterprises. The
* previous organization Magma Fincorp had a well-diversified product portfolio comprising Commercial
* Vehicle Finance, Car & Utility Vehicle Finance, Construction Equipment Finance, Used Commercial Vehicle
* Finance, Strategic Construction Equipment Finance, SME Loans and Fee Based Business that used to
* operate through 300+ branches in 21 states and employed 9000+ people.
* Aug ’07 to Jul ’09: Associated with FamilyCredit Ltd. (erstwhile Apeejay Finance Group Ltd.) as...
* National Head - Communication & CRM
* Managed nationally the Communication & CRM verticals being responsible Communication, CRM and
* Roll-out of the On-Tap Securitisation process with UTI Bank on a national scale for car loans.
* Nov’03 to Apr’05: Regional Business Head — South
* Managing regional operations treating each unit (Chennai, Bangalore, Coimbatore) in the region as
* an individual profit-center.
* Handling the existing DSA network with targets of developing new channels.
* Explore opportunities in new markets and setting up branches / business network there.
* Relationship Management with dealers and manufacturers for marketing and subvention tie-ups.
* Credit appraisal and sanction of loan applications up to pre designated limit.
* Handling regional recovery operation through agencies and in-house effort.
* Setting up of operational & marketing budget, strategy and implementing the same.
* Involved in Concurrent, Internal and Statutory audits.
* Preparing Regional Performance MIS reports to apprise top management.
* Mar’99 to Oct’03: Regional Business Head — East
* Similar functions as above for the Eastern Region
* Aug’96 to Feb’99: Executive to Sr. Mgr — Car Loans
* Marketing, Sales and Recovery of Car Loans through channels & directly in W Bengal.
* Jul’95 to Nov’95: Lynx India Ltd. as Executive — Marketing
* Developing the Dealer and DSA network for the Car-Loan division, Kolkata
* Mar’95 to Jun’95: Apple Finance Ltd. as Officer — Marketing
* Handling MUL & TELCO dealer tie-ups & the broker network for Car-Loan division, Kolkata


## Loyalty (Cross-Sell) Initiatives

* Communication Initiatives
* e Design and content management of the corporate website.
* e Developing the communication & creative strategy and media plan
* e Uniform external and internal branding of the branch and sales channels.
* e Handling all press conferences, releases and interviews & media relations.
* e Recruitment of creative and media planning agencies — Campaign Roll outs.
* e Adherence to Legal, Budgetary and Technical compliance -Communication audit.
* e Formulating the national level communication budget in line with business budget.
* e Editing and Publishing the Internal Newsletter and managing the corporate intranet.
* e Design, production and distribution of all brand, product and scheme level collaterals.
* e Liaison and reporting to the communication departments of Societe Generale in Paris.
* e Supporting BTL activations at the branch level & Effectiveness Measurement Surveys.
* CRM and Loyalty Initiatives
* e §Call Center Mgmt. - Build technological infrastructure and team to initialize in-house call centers
* (sales, collection & CRM) and effectively running the same through training and monitoring.
* e CRM-Direct Interaction - Hiring, training and monitoring a team of National, Regional and Branch
* CRM Coordinators for developing a single window system across the branches for all customer
* queries and reports and motivating them additionally for handling retention and cross-selling.
* e Loyalty Program - Spearheading the Loyalty program through the call-center and the CRM team
* to ensure maximum churn and spread from the existing portfolio.
* About FamilyCredit & Société Générale
* FamilyCredit is the Indian Subsidiary of SG Consumer Finance, the consumer credit wing in the Société
* Générale Banking Group managing two product lines: New / Used Car Loan & TW Loan. Société Générale
* is one of the largest financial services groups in the euro-zone that employs 151,000 people in 82
--- Page Break ---
* countries worldwide in three key businesses: Retail Banking & Financial Services / Global Investment
* Management & Services / Corporate & Investment Banking
* Aug ’96 to Jul ‘07: Associated with Apeejay Finance Group Ltd.(An Apeejay Surrendra Group Company)
* in various capacities as below...
* May’05 to Jul’07: National Head — Credit & Process
* Creation of an independent & structured Credit & Process vertical for 19 branches across India for Auto,
* Commercial Vehicles, Two-wheeler and Consumer Durables. The detailed job-profile is as below:
* Formulating the product wise credit policy and process guideline to maintain the portfolio quality


## & Turn Around Time.

* Recruiting, training and managing the all India network of in-house credit officers and outsourced
* agencies for Auxiliary Services like CPV, Valuation, Processing, etc.
* Constantly training and driving the in-house credit and process team from the frontline to keep
* up to the accepted tat and adhere to the best business practices.
* Analysing the portfolios against various parameters and market behaviour on a regular basis with
* Statistical support for implementing related modifications in the credit policy.
* Structuring and implementing of credit policies for all newly launched products and schemes


## Education

* e PG Diploma in Business Management (Marketing) from IISWBM, Kolkata in 1997.
* e B.Sc. (Hons. in Chemistry) from Scottish Church College (Calcutta University) in 1994.


## Personal Details

* Marital Status : Married
* Date of Birth : 4th December 1971
* Pursuits : Literature / Travel / Wildlife / Photography / Indian classical music

