# Srinwanti Sarkar

## Contact Information

* Mobile: +91-9903026216 ~ E-Mail: srinwanti.s@gmail.com ~ srinwanti@yahoo.com


## Summary

* A result oriented professional with over 15 years including more than 10 years of experience in the areas of
* Operations, Client Relationship and Team Management. A strategic planner with expertise in managing teams for
* running successful branch process operations & experience of developing procedures, service standards for
* business excellence. Expertise in implementing strategies towards enhancing operational smoothness, business
* volumes and growth for a wide range of banking products & services. Excellent interpersonal, analytical,
* leadership & organisational skills and proven abilities in training & development, customer relationship
* management and planning. Experience in ERP using Oracle and MIS using MS Excel.
* Areas of Exposure
* erations
* Keeping a track of the inflow and outflow of fund and the surplus or deficit of fund in different company accounts
* Overseeing team of cashiers in the branch and checking the cash indent along with processing the fund
* Issuance of instruments to the Dealers / Creditors
* Managing inward and outward clearance of local & outstation cheques
* Issuance of Commercial Papers.
* Documentation related to Working Capital requirements, viz: Cash credit, Term loan, Bank guarantee
* Client Relationship
* Evaluating client credit strengths and weaknesses for a loan portfolio in borrowing relationships
* Identifying and networking with prospective clients, generating business from the existing accounts and
* achieving profitability and increasing sales growth
* Building and maintaining healthy business relations with bankers, corporate clients, ensuring customer
* satisfaction by achieving delivery & service quality norms and regulatory compliances
* Supervising customer service operations for rendering and achieving quality services; facilitating first line
* customer support by answering queries & resolving issues within TAT
* Building and maintaining healthy business relations with Bankers and corporate investors, ensuring RBI/bank/FIl
* compliances and fresh sanctions


## Experience

* Poonawalla Fincorp Limited (erstwhile Magma Fincorp Limited)
* |
* | Manager - Core Treasury Since Apr'18
* | Deputy Manager - Core Treasury Since Apr’'13


## Role

* Liaising with Fls, Consortium Bankers and Regional Offices / Branches
* Co-ordinating between various internal departments and external agencies to fulfil necessary compliances &
* execution of job responsibilities
* Issuance & Redemptions of Commercial Papers and related matters
* Foreign remittances & procuring forex
* Proposal & Documentation related to CC Limits, Term Loans, Bank Guarantees, etc
* Overseeing RBI / Bank / Fl Compliances & Scheduled repayments
* Computing various MIS and circulation thereof.
* Arranging for Auto Loans and related documentations for senior officials as per Corporate scheme
* Arranging Consortium meetings/meets of Bankers, taking care of agenda, minutes, distribution of such
* agenda/minutes/notes
* Managing the student administration including assisting Professors in teaching organisation management &
* decision sciences.
* Preparing the study modules after making due research.
* Invigilation in examinations / gradation / collation of marks.
* O Managing the student administration including assisting professors in teaching management and labour issues.
* Preparing the study modules after making due research,
* O Scheduling classes / examinations, grading and collating the data for various dos.
* O Mentoring junior school students in computer education.
* O Handling the day to day administration of the centre with weekly reconciliation with the main office.
* Articleship
* B. M. Chatrath & Co., Kolkata Oct’98-Jan’00
* R. N. Sen & Associates, Kolkata Jan’00-Jun’01
* Academic Credentials
* PGDBA [Dual Specialisation in Finance & Customer Relationship Management (CRM)] from Symbiosis
* Institute of Distance Learning with Grade - A
* M.Com. from Burdwan University with Second Division
* B.Com. [Spl Hons] from Sivnath Sastri College under Calcutta University with Second Division
* GNIIT from NIIT, Minto Park with Grade - B
* B.Com. [Pass] from Sivnath Sastri College under Calcutta University with Second Division
* 12" from St. John’s Diocesan Girls’ H.S. School, WB Board of HS Education with Second Division
* 10" from St. John’s Diocesan Girls’ H.S. School, WB Board of Secondary Education with First Division
* [with Distinction]
* Additional Qualification
* OO Had taken an “Effective Communication Skills & Personality Development Program” from NIS.
* Personal Dossier
* Date of Birth: 30" August 1977
* Address: Bliss Park, Tower-II, Flat-2D, 2" Floor, 136A, Bhupen Roy Road, Kolkata - 700034.
* Linguistic Abilities: Bengali, Hindi, English and Oriya
* Reference would be provided on request.
* Srinwanti Sarkar


## Highlights

* © Efficiently formulated departmental MIS / Procedures and necessary decks as and when required.
--- Page Break ---
* rm
* Magma Fincorp Limited
* | Assistant Manager-Core Treasury
* Highlights: Successfully negotiated and implemented appointment of Issuing and Paying Agents for group
* companies.
* Controlling and adjusting the daily disbursement.
* Checking the fund availability status and computing MIS.
* Monitoring the branch fund status on daily basis and reconciling the Branch-HO Books.
* Liaising with Fls, Consortium Bankers and Regional Offices / Branches.
* Member of MD’s office and assisting in informed decision making.
* | Xavier Institute of Management, Bhubaneswar (XIMB) Oct’08-May’09 |
* | Academic Associate |
* O Successfully centralised collation and issuance of students’ marks.
* O Successfully introduced the system getting the DDs issued through SBI and their associated Banks at much lesser
* cost structure than the pre-existing. Achieved cost reduction for the company.
--- Page Break ---
* T. Kids Pvt. Ltd., Kolkata
* | Centre Manager cum Faculty
* _
* | |


## Growth Path

* Executive - Commercial (Credit and Operations) Nov’01-Sep’02
* Senior Executive - Treasury (Banking Operations) Oct’02-Jan’05
* Role as Senior Executive - Treasury (Banking Operations):
* Controlling and adjusting the daily disbursement.
* Checking the fund availability status and computing MIS.
* Monitoring the branch fund status on daily basis and reconciling the Branch-HO Books.
* Liaising with Fls, Consortium Bankers and Regional Offices.
* Role as Executive - Commercial (Credit and Operations):
* © Handling the credit appraisal and raising necessary funding claims, DOS, etc.
* © Presenting to the remittance to dealers after raising subvention claims and Brokerage, etc.
* Managing the collection and control of Post Disbursement Documents, Issuance of NOCs.

