# 7824_121_cvprasann__kumar_jha2022111605

## Contact Information

* Email ID: prassan.jha@rediffmail.com
* prasannjhal96S5@gmail.com


## Nbfc)

* Products handled/ experience: - Commercial Vehicles, Car, M U V and C E (Funding,
* Recovery and Liquidation of Stock).


## Objective

* “To Build and Sustain my career in Financial Services Sector by utilizing myself as a resource
* for the challenging jobs in this competitive world, thereby upgrading my knowledge & skills”


## Experience

* Present Job Status
* Name of the Organization: Poonawalla Fincorp Limited ( Earlier Magma Fincorp Ltd ).
* Designation : Manager (NAVRANG)
* Duration : Since 28/05/2010 Till Date.
* Name of the Organization : TATA MOTORS FINACE LIMITED.
* Designation : Manager
* Duration : Since 06/11/2006 to 27" May 2010.
* Name of the Organization : Indus Ind Bank Limited
* Designation : Area Officer
* Duration > From 01.02.1997 to 04.11.2006
* Name of the Organization : Novapan India Limited
* Designation : Sales Officer
* Duration > 01/12/1995 to 30/01/1997
--- Page Break ---
* Job Profile-: _To Sell Novapan particle and Laminated Board through Dealer and Direct
* Selling, Meeting with Architect and Interior Designer for Sales Promotion.
* 9
* Name of the Organization —: Singer India Limited
* Designation : Unit Manager
* Duration > 02/08/1993 to 20/11/1995
* Job Profile-: To Sell Sewing Machine of Merit and Singer Brand along with Home Appliances
* on Cash and on Hire Purchase also, through a Direct Sales Team and through Retail Sale from
* Show Room. Monitoring Sales Team ,Show Room Staff and Organizing Sales Campaign.
* Name of the Organization : Soft Corp Computers Pvt. Limited
* Designation : Sales Officer
* Duration > From 04.06.1992 to 10.07.1993
* Job Profile-: To Sell Computer System and Fax Machine on Cash, through a Direct Selling to
* Business House, Industrialist and Professionals.


## Profile

* Monitoring Auction Activities
* Liasoning with Agencies, Bidders, Direct Clients for Disposal of Stock on Sale,
* Monitoring of Parking Yard,
* Physical Stock Audit and Verification of Documents related to Repossessed Stock in Yard.
--- Page Break ---
* Monitoring Repo. Entry and Release Entry to keep track of actual stock.
* Monitoring Repossession and Release Activity,
* Monitoring and Execution of Auction Sale Process
* Daily Reporting on Auction Activity,
* Monitoring of Documentation of entire Sale Related Docs.
* Monitoring of N O C and RTO related Activities,
* Refurbishment of Repossessed Stock for Price enhancement.
* Resale of refurbished asset to Buyers.
* Lisoning with Recovery and Sales Team for better Price against salable stock .
* Lisoning with Legal Team for Clearance of Legal Stock .
* To Supervise a Collection Team.
* To Monitor and Supervise Collection Agency.
* Resolving chronic cases.
* To monitor Repossession Agency for Recovery of Asset.
* Monitoring auction for Disposal of Repossessed Assets
* Reporting to Management on Daily Activity,
* Monitoring N O C/ RTO on sale of vehicle .
* “My job profile includes to source, analyze and process the proposals of the customers for the
* Assets viz sales in MUV, CV, CE, Car and Three-wheeler (Auto Rickshaw) Loan and
* Monitoring Recovery”
* Date of Birth : 08.07.1965
* Age : 57 Years
* Gender : Male
* Marital Status : Married
* Languages Known _ : English, Hindi, Bangla and Maithili
* Nationality : Indian
* Permanent Address =: S/o Mr. Narendra Kumar Jha
* H.No. 349, Road No. — F,
* Sonari West New Lay Out,
* Jamshedpur -831011 (Jharkhand)
* Mo — 9386731522,
* Mo- 8340310147,
* “I here by certify that the above-mentioned statements are true to the best of my knowledge and
* belief”
* Place: Jamshedpur Prasann Kumar Jha
* Dated: 16.11.2022


## Education

* DEGREE INSTITUTE / SUBJECTS/DISCIPLINE Year


## Universtiy

* Bachelor of Ranchi University Physics, Chemistry,
* Science Mathematics and 1987
* (Stat. Hons.) Statistics
* Intermediate Ranchi University Physics, Chemistry, 1984
* Ranchi Mathematics
* Bihar School Arts, Science, Commerce
* X th Examination Board 1981
* Patna


## Qualifications

* e Post Graduate Diploma in Personnel Management & Industrial Relation from XISS,
* RANCHI. Period —From 1989 TO 1991.
--- Page Break ---


## Extra Curricular Activities

* e Played for Club Cricket Team in Jamshedpur (A — division)


## Hobbies

* Photography
* Listening Music
* Playing Cricket
* Reading Newspapers
* Driving and Travelling
* Pencil Art
* Playing Hawaiian Guitar

