# Varun

## Contact Information



## Experience

* Finance, QSR, CDIT, Apparel,
* Footwear & Luxury retail, having
* passion for the service industry and
* an uncompromising commitment to
* quality and outstanding customer
* record of improving team
* performance on customer service
* metrics and SLA delivery. Also an
* oracle at maximizing retail &
* restaurant sales by providing an
* enjoyable shopping-dining
* comprehensive management,
* planning and support service to all
* retail staff. Able to create a unique
* them easy access and guidance to
* all store department from beginning
* to end.
* | am currently looking for a senior
* managerial position and a career
* advancement opportunity with a
* company that will not only challenge
* me professionally but will also allow
* me to develop my knowledge &
* potential still further.
* Personal Info
* Address
* G - 262A Sector 22 Noida Uttar
* Pradesh 201301
* Phone
* 7838603483
* E-mail
* Mukul2009@yahoo.com
* Date of birth
* October 06, 1976
* LinkedIn linkedin.com/in/varun- khanor-77428ab3


## Skills

* Google Studio Power BI Tableau
* ¢ Responsible for KFC’s
* order to deal effectively
* In the restaurant and
* role.
* ¢ Setting up
* developing new ones.
* ¢ Involved in Campus
* recruitment for
* Retail
* ¢ Quickly responding to
* customer complaints,
* requests and
* comments.
* ¢ Brand Integrity and
* market awareness.
* ¢ Developing customer
* service procedures,
* policies & standards.
* ¢ Driving operational,
* visual and customer
* service standards in
* store.
* ¢« Commercial &
* Business awareness.
* ¢ Comprehensive
* knowledge of all
* relevant legal, health
* and safety issues.
* ¢ Ability to organize &
* prioritize workload
* within a retail setting.
* ¢ Effectively maintaining
* stock levels and
* ensuring the quality of
* supplies.
* ¢ Always putting the
* customer first.
* Managerial
* ¢ Analyzing and
* researching trends
* within the retail sector.
* ¢ Personally ambitious
* and achievement
* focused.
* ¢ Putting customers at
* the heart of all
* decisions.
* ¢ Managing stressful
* situations.
* ¢ Able to tactfully deal
* with difficult customers.
* ¢ Enforcing strict rules
* and regulations in the
* workplace.
* ¢ Clearly
* communicating
* corporate information to
* staff.
* ¢ Strong organizational
* capabilities.
* ¢ Selecting, building
* relationships with and
* managing suppliers.
* ¢ Implementing pricing
* strategies.
* Personal
* ¢ Possessing a
* professional, focused
* and understanding
* attitude towards
* customers.
* ¢ Ability to pick up new skills and knowledge quickly.
* ¢ Having a flexible attitude and positive approach.
* ¢ Ability to concentrate for long periods.
* ¢ Responsible attitude & willing to undertake additional professional responsibilities at local, regional or
* national levels.
* ¢ Willing to work evenings, early morning and weekends.


## Jira

* Salesforce CRM Genesys
* MS Office Alteryx Statistics for DA HR Analytics Agile Scrum
* May 2015 - Senior Manager
* present Operations & Customer Service, Hero FinCorp, New Delhi
* Responsible for developing & ensuring implementation of Customer Service strategy covering
* all Contact Centre (Inbound, Outbound) and Online Collection processes. Also accountable for
* integrating the People, Process and Technology for business enhancement.
* ¢ Designing CX Strategy & Complaint Analysis Framework, Driving and setting up all three
* processes - Customer Service / Alternate Collections / Cross sales.
* ¢ Developing and monitoring budgets, in line with current needs and planned activities.
* ¢ Responsible for institutionalizing mechanisms to resolve customer dispute & setup policies for
* grievance redressal.
* ¢ Evaluating the adequacy & effectiveness of applicable policies, procedures, processes &
* internal controls related to grievance handling.
* ¢ Analyzing complaints received from RBI for problem type & complexity, categorize for level of
* needed investigation & coordination with the business to resolve.
* ¢ Ensuring development of and reviewing Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) and work
* instructions governing functional activities as needed.
* ¢ Developing a focus on Customer Satisfaction and Customer Centricity via Quality Assurance
* mechanism & Customer Surveys.
* ¢ Ensuring optimal Customer Service Team staffing. Also ensuring optimal training of Customer
* Service employees in collaboration with various internal functions.
* ¢ Ensuring agents follow predetermined parameters and adhere to acceptable quality norms
* through monitoring and evaluation.
* ¢ Recording feedback and letting the Customer Service Expert know about his/hers areas of
* developments. Coach and counsel agents to modify their performance/behavior to facilitate a
* high level of customer service.
* ¢ Active contribution to make the process better, faster and quicker, implement or refine agent
* training and coaching initiatives to bridge skills gaps, correct broken internal processes, improve
* workforce, scheduling or perhaps alert other areas of organization that are having an impact.
* ¢ Working on various customer services projects in conjunction with cross- functional team
* ¢ Maintain & Report team & individual performance and statistics through daily, weekly &
* monthly reports.
--- Page Break ---


## Languages

* English
* Hindi
* Jan 2014 -
* Jan 2015
* Dec 2012 -
* Jan 2014
* ¢ Working with the
* Operations Manager,
* Operations Supervisor,
* Business Strategy
* Team and HR, to
* provide floor support /
* coaching to meet
* deliverables i.e. quality,
* customer satisfaction
* and performance


## Objective

* ¢ Aid agents with the
* day-to-day work
* management (Through
* daily monitoring,
* handling escalations /
* repeats etc.)
* ¢ Ensuring that all
* resources are available
* for teams to manage
* their works.
* Store Manager
* TATA Croma, Infiniti
* Retail Pvt. Ltd.
* Connaught Place, New
* Delhi
* Responsible f or
* managing the day-to-
* day operation of the
* store, as well as setting
* customer service
* standards, and
* launching initiatives to
* hit sales targets. As
* well as developing and
* motivating a team,
* whilst ensuring
* everyone adheres to
* company policies and
* procedures.
* ¢ Driving operational,
* visual and customer
* service standards in
* store.
* ¢ Monitoring and
* reviewing store
* performance ona
* regular daily, weekly
* and monthly basis.
* ¢ Maintaining accurate
* statistical & financial
* records.
* ¢ Implementing store
* compliance, health and
* safety procedures.
* ¢ Maximizing sales
* through effective
* merchandising and
* marketing.
* ¢ Deciding on store
* layouts.
* ¢ Recognizing and
* rewarding good staff
* performance.
* ¢ Monitoring product availability levels throughout the day and replenish stocks to ensure 100% availability.
* ¢ Developing business links within the local community.
* ¢ Working with various brand vendors to manage displays within the store.
* ¢ Recruiting the right people with the right behaviors in to the right jobs and ensuring they are given access to


## Training

* ¢ Actively monitoring competitor activity& local trading patterns.
* ¢ Managing the store profit & loss account within budget.
* ¢ Getting feedback and capturing data from customers.
* Assistant Store Manager
* Reliance Brands Pvt. Ltd. (Kenneth Cole & Steve Madden), Chd & Ggn
* Leading & motivating colleagues in everything from stock replenishment, customer service right through to
* setting up displays and driving sales. Deputizing in the absence of store manager, and doing everything
* possible to drive the business forward.
* ¢ Leading, driving, energizing and motivating teams to do better.
* ¢ Planning and delivering initiatives for market growth through Home Shopping.
* ¢ Merchandise Planning and Product Presentation.
* ¢ Proposing and implementing promotions and special offers.
* ¢ Maintaining PR at store Level & organizing local community events for Brand.
* ¢ Mentoring new employees & staff at SIS counters.
* ¢ Controlling and maintaining the budgets and expenditure.
* ¢ Implementing and managing the shops security and anti-theft policies.
* ¢ Ensuring the store operates efficiently and effectively in all operational areas such as shrinkage, stock
* control, admin and presentation.
--- Page Break ---
* Jun 2009 -
* Dec 2012
* Restaurant
* General Manager
* YUM! Restaurants
* India Pvt. Ltd. (KFC),
* Hyd, Del, Ddun, Mum,
* Ahmd
* ¢ Cost & Overhead
* Reductions
* ¢ Inventory Planning &
* Control
* ¢ Efficiency
* Improvement
* ¢ Labor Relations &
* Efficiency
* ¢ Restaurant
* Infrastructure &
* Operations Budgeting
* ¢ Supplier/Vendor
* Management
* ¢ Workforce Scheduling
* & Time Management
* ¢ Customer Service
* different departments.
* ¢ Conducting orientation
* sessions and arranging
* sessions for new
* employees.
* ¢ Helping Shift
* Managers improve their
* plans to strengthen
* each employee's
* Program) and
* Program.
* ¢ Actively involved in
* Of Krusher in
* KFC, Indian
* Subcontinent.
* ¢ Ensured adherence to
* YUM! Restaurants
* International; KFC
* Standards of service -
* Contributed to periodic
* successful Brand
* Standard Audits
* ¢ Execution of Branded
* Service and Feedback
* process.
* ¢ Conducted yearly performance appraisal and feedback sessions with Team Members.
* ¢ Prepared of financial reports and regularly published results with the team.


## Education

* Jun 2006 -
* Apr 2010
* Banarsidas Chandiwala Institute of Hotel management & Catering Technology,
* Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Delhi
* Bachelor of Hotel Management & Catering Technology
* Certificates
* Certified Internal Auditor for ISO 9001:2015
* Certified Restaurant Operations & Management Modules Trainer
* Train the Trainer Certification Taking People with You Managing Self
* Managing Others High Impact Coaching
* ¢ Ability to respond quickly to emergencies.
* ¢ Able to work closely with other professionals as part of a team.


## Interests

* Microblogging Playing Djembe Drum
--- Page Break ---

