# 11799_120_cv2022111521

## Contact Information



## Objective

* To Choose a Challenging Career in the field of B;COM. LL. B (Law) and utilizing my skills and ideas.
* And to work with full dedication and hard work to uplift my career gaining experience and knowledge.


## Date Of Birth 31°", October 1975

* SEX Male
* MARITAL STATUS Married
* NATIONALITY Indian
* LANGUAGE KNOWN English, Hindi & Bengali
--- Page Break ---


## University Name Year’S

* B.COM. (calcutta HIRALAL PAUL
* university) COLLEGE
* West Bengal Council PEARY MOHAN
* of Higher Secondary COLLEGE


## Professional Qualification

* Passed LL.B at 2011 and enrolled as an Advocate, Bar Council Of West Bengal at 22ND
* NOVEMBER, 2011. And looking forward for a challenging career with an organization having excellent
* growth prospect where I can parallel growth with the organization.


## Experience

* Company — POONAWALA FINCORP LIMITED
* FORMERLY KNOWN AS MAGMA FINCORP LIMITED (HEAD OFFICE)
* Designation — Assistant Manager HO Legal
* Duration - From December 2011 to Till Date
* Employee Id - 11799
* e Advising the branches of the company about the criminal / civil cases which is pending against
* company
* Advising advocate about court proceedings and follow up about the matter fixed on date.
* Updating MIS of the company regularly.
* Sending updated MIS to the all branches of this company.
* Following up with the branches of company regarding the cases which is pending in the court of the
* state where the branches of the company situated and provide instrument for recovery purpose.
* Filing the 138 of the Negotiable Instrument Act cases in the Bankshall Court/Howrah Court.
* e Representing the company before the court as a Complainant regarding the 138 NI Act And 420 IPC
* cases with DSA matter.
* e Sending the instrument to proper PS as per requirement from branch for recovery/collection.
* e Forwarding them next day tracker to inform which NI Act cases is in which position.
* e Dealing with Arbitration matters of the company.
--- Page Break ---


## Computer Knowledge

* Basic Knowledge in Computer like Windows, M.S office, Excel, Power Point.

