# 12129_120_resumev121292022111657

## Contact Information



## Rakesh Kumar Dehariya

* H.NO 14 Banarsi Das line, Azad Nagar, Nr Kishan Hotel, Ranjhi,
* Jabalpur MP 482005
* Contact No : 9977686088
* Email : rakesh.magma88@gmail.com


## Objective

* e Tobe compatible with the goals and objectives of the organization in pursuit of Self Development & = Growth.
* Seeking a challenging position in the reputed organization where the opportunity exists for young, hardworking,
* self-motivated professionals & my experience and skills can be utilized, leveraging my extensive background in
* Finance and Administration
* ™» Academic Details
* ° B.COM from M.P. Board
* ° HSC from C.B.S.E Board
* ° SSC from C.B.S.E Board


## Experience

* ™» Hobbies
* Playing Volleyball
* e Watching Old Movies
* Listening Old Songs


## Poonawalla Fincorp Limited

* Branch Operation Manager-
* Satna, M.P.- From Aug 2010 — Dec-2011
* Chhindwara, M.P.- From Dec 2011 — Feb-2017
* Jabalpur, M.P.- From Mar 2017 — till date


## Profile

* +
* >
* vt
* V t+
* Vv
* Vv #
* Activity Pertaining to Approved Files-
* Check the file on real time bases of ABF/SME/Home Loan. Providing discrepancy within real time bases and
* recheck for its resolution. Punch all the file daily bases and upload all the document real time bases and raise the


## Pr.

* Follow up with H.O. Opts for its approval and payment. Ensure to dispatch ACH/Auto debit to hit customer A/C.
* Scanning all the approved files and uploaded on proper header as per provided.
* OTC Knock off with check of Property docs.
* Activity Pertaining to Disbursed Files-
* Dispatch files and property docs with DTM tagging on T+1 bases. Check all the audited cases and providing its
* resolution real time bases.
* Make it all other related tracker and register like cheques handover register etc.
* Activity Pertaining to Branch Activity-
* Daily Pitch to walk in customer for cross sale of ABF/SME/Housing. Daily resolve all the customer related queries
* within TAT.
* Daily provide walk in customer to SOA, PMT and Insurance. Daily bases follow up with H.O Account team for case
* closure and Waiver etc. Daily bases call to customer for collecting NOC and maintain its call to CRM.
* Daily basis provide customer to closed cases NOC after that maintaining its data and uploaded NOC
* acknowledgment day to day basis.
* Daily basis resolve all the discrepancy related problem with co-ordinate with customer and sales team like RC
* Discrepancy, Invoice discrepancy etc. Maintain daily bases CRM Activity of call raise and close etc.
* Activity Pertaining to Admin-
* Prepare requisition of Utility bill and bank payment requisition of Vendor Bill.
* Checked and maintain all the admin/IT/HR related works periodically.
--- Page Break ---
* Activity Pertaining to Branch Banking-
* Daily Banking of ABF/HOUSING/MHDI Cash and Cheques (Some of the branches pick-up facility not available so
* that do the banking personally).
* > Daily Preparing FFS and Pay-in-slip cash and cheques separately. Daily collecting cash from walking customer and
* day end from FO.
* > Daily prepare DCR and approve cash in POC with physically checked. Maintain Petty cash statement as per cycle
* minimum 2 times in monthly.
* Vv #
* Sundaram Finance.
* Sales Executive- ABF Product
* From 2007 — 2010
* Centurion Bank of Punjab.
* Sales Executive- TW
* From 2003 — 2007


## Skills

* Competent to work under pressure and in time-bound situation
* Big Data Mining, Spreadsheets
* Ability to adapt and adjust to different environments & situations
* Complying with Organization policy and procedures & seeking confirmation from Proper Authorities.
* Modifying owns behavior & take ownership to reach a Predetermined Goals when challenges & Opportunities
* arise.
* Continuing to perform effectively under Time Pressure & in face of Disappointments, adversity & opposition.
* Maintaining a high Energy Level being Active for prolonged periods of time when the job requires this.
* Dedicated and diligent. Strong motivation skills, remarkable analytical & logical skills.
* Setting high goals or standards for One’s Own Performance. Unmatchable communication skills in written & verbal both.


## References

* Sameer Gadge
* ROM- Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd.
* MbI—9893639061
* Sunil Birothia
* Ops.-In-Charge- Ambit Fin.
* MbI—9893051976
* | hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and | bear the responsibility for the
* correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.
* Date
* Place: Jabalpur (Rakesh Dehariya)

