# 12762_120_cvniladri2022111719

## Contact Information



## Niladri Datta

* D.O.B.: 16" October 1975


## Additional Qualification

* : Late Deb Kumar Datta
* : Indian
* : Hinduism
* : Married
* : Male
* : 208, Nandan Nagar, Belgharia, Kolkata —700 083.
* : 9051447747
* : niladridatta28@gmail.com
* 1) |have passed Madhyamik Examination
* Under W.B.B.S.E.
* 2) Ihave passed H.S (Commerce) Examination
* Under W.B.C.H.S.E.
* 3) Ihave completed Graduation (B.Com.) under C.U.
* : Diploma in software application knowing from “THE INSTITUTE
* OF COMPER ENGINEERS” at R.B.U.
* : MS-Office and Financial accounting packages knowing from
* “MICROWAVE COMPUTER CENTRE” at Dakshineswar.
--- Page Break ---


## Languages

* Current CTC


## Place: Kolkata

* : | have worked around 8 years 10 months in Poonawalla Fincorp Limited (Ex —
* Magma Fincorp Limited) as Area Manager (WB). Key role - Training to sampler
* and agency. Collated sampling and other tracker. Hunter and Sherlock
* clearances in daily basis. Investigation in pre and post fraud cases. Handling
* products — Personal Loan, Professional Loan, Business Loan, Used Car, LAP.
* : | have worked with I-Process as consultant in ICICI bank for FCPG department
* from February’ 2011 to October’2013. Key role - Handling sampling process of
* Asset & Liabilities product, scrutinizing the KYC, income docs, maintaining the
* MIS of sampled cases. Handling products — Personal Loan, TW, SBL, HL/LAP,
* Credit Card.
* : | have worked with Ashika Stock Broking Ltd. as online operation at D P
* Nagar department from March’2009 to January’2011.
* : | have worked with outsource agency as a sampler in Family Credit for RCU
* department from September’2008 to March‘2009. Key role - Scrutinizing the
* KYC, income docs.
* : | have worked with agency payroll as a sampler in ICICI bank for FCPG
* department from January’2006 to September’2008. Key role - Handling
* sampling process of Asset & Liabilities product, scrutinizing the KYC, income
* docs, maintaining the MIS of sampled cases.
* : Playing Football & Cricket.
* : Bengali, English & Hindi.
* : 3.7 Lac

