# 13817_121_praveenresume2022111722

## Contact Information



## Pothan Praveen

* Karthika,
* Pallikkulam,
* Chirakkal P. O,
* Kannur -670011
* Kerala, India
* Phone: 04972747220
* Mob: 9605727374
* pothan.praveen@gmail.com


## Objective

* To establish myself in the niche field of Banking and strive for continuous improvement of
* my knowledge and skills, which will help me in contributing innovatively to the organizations,
* which | will be associated with.


## Education

* Completed P G D C A from LBS KANNUR centre in 2000.
* B.Sc. Mathematics with 42% from Jaybees College, Kannur to CALICUT
* University, Kerala in March1998.
* PDC passed with 45%% from S N COLLEGE Kannur affiliated to Calicut
* University S Kerala in March 1995.
* SSLC passed with 63% from Govt. H S Pallikkunnu affiliated to Board of Public
* Examination Kerala in March 1993


## Software Exposure

* Operating Systems : Microsoft DOS, Windows.
--- Page Break ---
* Other Software Tools : MS Office.


## Work Experiance

* Company Name -- VRL LOGISTICS KANNUR AGENCY (2003-06)
* e Designation -- Accountant


## Profile

* Billing
* Delivery supervision.
* Cash management & Banking
* Admin
* Company Name -  e-nxt-— financials (TMFL office Kannur) 2006- 2012 Dec
* Designation -- Customer Relations Executive
* Achievement of 100% collection target on recovery
* Reducing the flow of contracts to NPA10% NPA and reversal of NPA contracts
* Decrease in OD without loosing the current collection flow.
* Controlling of the ODMR
* Handling 90+ portfolio and achievement of 100% collection target on recovery.
* Reducing the NPA and 100% resolution in PNPA
* Repossession through Sec17 & Sec9
* Managing and reviewing the Executives.
--- Page Break ---
* Company Name ---- Poonawalla Fincorp Itd(Formerly Magma Fincorp
* Ltd (Kannur) 2015 Dec --Till
* Designation Team Leader (61-450 Bkt)
* Handling 60+ portfolio
* Assignment & reports
* Managing and reviewing the Executives.
* Repossession through Sec17 & Sec9
* Name : Praveen. P
* Date of Birth : 11-05-1978
* Fathers Name : P. Gangadharan Late ( Rtd Assistant Engr. PWD)
* Mother’s name : Karthiyayani (Housewife)
* Gender : Male
* Marital status : Married
* Nationality : Indian


## Career Achivements

* 1) Became All India second Best executive 2008-09
* 2) B+ rating in 2009-10
* 3) A Rating in 2010-11
* Company Name --- Shriram Equipment Finance company Ltd (Kozhikode)
* 2012 Dec—2015 Dec
* Designation --- Area Collection Head


## Languages

* Strength : Good Interpersonal relationship, honest, Updating knowledge
* Leadership qualities, good team spirit, Enthusiastic, hard working.
* Strong integrity, self motivated to achieve the target.
* Dated :17/11/2022 Praveen P

