# 13840_120_ayushupdatedcv2022111636

## Contact Information

* 35, Male, India Email : ayushkilla4u@gmail.com


## Key Strengths

* > Mentoring Leaders: Ability to build bench strength and develop leadership capability for the organization
* >
* >
* >
* and manage diversity and culture.
* Possess Excellent Networking Skills: Treat people with unfailing courtesy, build rapport, form an emotional
* bond and achieve organizational targets.
* Communicating and Managing Vision: Ability to build a vision, communicating and specifying the road
* map.
* Ability to learn and adapt to new technologies and handle multiple projects under pressure: Well developed
* sense of urgency and follow through.


## Experience

* January’2016 to Present Poonawalla Fincorp Limited
* Designation: Regional Head-Risk Containment Unit
* Role & Responsibilities:-
* >
* Vv Vv V VW VVNWV WV
* September’2011 to December’2015 ICICI Bank Ltd
* Designation: Area Manager-Risk Containment Unit
* Role & Responsibilities:-
* >


## Vv V

* Setup of RCU vendor portal for effective control on screening/sampling activity for Retail Asset
* Products.
* Realigning of RCU policies/processes with competition to minimize fraud and improve quality of
* sourcing.
* Providing vision for conducting mystery shopping/reviews on various departmental activities
* Preparing program based sampling procedures with focus on income documents
* Continuous feedback to various stakeholders in respect of market fraud trend/analysis of
* industries/clients/markets.
* Creation of RCU dashboard for all India inclusive of various reports and work done by the team
* members
* Monitoring & maintaining TAT & budget for the region (improvement done to match budgeted
* cost)
* Guided the team for efficient and effective end to end fraud investigations for fraud prone regions
* like (Jharkhand/Bihar/Chattisgarh). Keeping close watch on action taken against the investigation.
* Reviewed vendor agreements for the region and suggested changes wherever possible. Prepared
* de-dupe list in coordination with vendors for effective fraud control. Used vendor capabilities
* adequately and maximize their productivity through constant monitoring & training wherever
* required.
* Liaison with regional authorities like RTO, Banks, ITO to reduce failed verifications
* Managing team of 4 location managers of East in Bihar, Jharkhand, WB, and Odisha
* Visiting the locations, training Credit, Ops, Sales and RCU Agency, getting market related
* information through networking and sharing negative database through market and media news.
--- Page Break ---


## Vvvvvvvvvv Wv

* Active participation in RCU operation for Sampling for ICICI Bank’s Liabilities and Assets
* Product, Web Trade and Vendor Staff Tracking Software
* Implementing a robust process for continuous monitoring a review of all new account acquisitions
* and retail assets product.
* Identifying & Concluding on Fraud Perpetrator
* Analysis of Modus Operandi
* Suggesting process improvements
* Logically concluding the cases with no room for ambiguities
* Analysis of Sampling Results to improve on triggers & inputs to business
* Deterrent Action on identified fraudsters
* Cost Agency Payouts, Waivers, Miscellaneous
* New Initiatives to curb fraud losses
* Relationship Management with internal customers like Sales, Ops, Industry
* Self & Team Development
* October’2010 to May’2011 KPMG
* Designation: Global Risk and Compliance Services- Executive


## Work Performed

* >
* >
* >
* HR Review of Sterlite Industries Silvassa- Complete analysis of company’s recruitment, training, appraisal,
* resignation, retirement and transfer policies
* PV of Sterlite Industries Silvassa and HZL Vizag- Matching book stock with actual stock, keeping an eye on
* house keeping and safety issues.
* MIS of Sterlite Industries Silvassa and HZL Vizag- Variance analysis on the trial balance, cost sheet
* analysis to arrive at the value of inventory, analyzing ageing of statutory n other liabilities, verification of
* cash, BRS, FD’S, reviewed CAPEX plans
* Manufacturing Review of EMCO Ltd. Baroda- Covering following aspects Production planning and
* control, Material/Inventory Management, Procurement process, HR, Legal Compliance, Finance and
* accounts.
* Pre Payment Analysis of JSW Ispat Industries- Expense review, Material and Service payment vouching.


## Objective

* >
* Vv VVVV
* Develop good relationship with client employees and obtain their support to ensure smooth execution of the
* assignments.
* Take personal responsibility for areas assigned and accept constructive feedback.
* Complete the assigned tasks on time.
* Adapt approach and show flexibility when priorities change unexpectedly.
* Discuss the findings and progress of the assigned areas regularly with the team leader and team members for
* effective execution of the audit.
* Co-operate with team members to maximize the firms output in terms of quality deliverables.
--- Page Break ---


## Vvvv Wv

* Communicate with the client employees on an ongoing basis during audit period so as to get maximum
* information which would be useful in our reports.
* Display positive attitude towards work, colleagues and clients
* Work hard and maintain high level of drive & vigor at time of pressure.
* Completing the work as per the given instructions/applicable methodology
* Maintaining QPR work paper files during the course of assignment.


## Vv Vvv Vv Vv Wv

* I completed the assigned areas effectively and brought out good observations.
* I was able to work on my own and on the additional guidelines given to me by my senior
* I have worked hard towards better understanding of the work processes and their implications on the
* business.
* I have been able to develop technical expertise in the areas of work during the assignment.
* Regularly discussed the findings and progress of the assigned areas with the team leader for effective
* execution of the audit.
* Shown a positive attitude towards work, colleagues and client.
* During the assignment, I was able to maintain drive and vigour when the work pressure was high.
* Developed good relationship with client employees and obtained their support to ensure smooth execution
* of the assignments.
* Coordinated with colleagues to share knowledge and help each other during audit.
* Communicated and escalated the matter effectively as and when it was required
* March’2010 to September’2010 Lohia Securities limited
* Designation: Equity Research Analyst
* Sectors covered: Tea, Shipping and Auto ancillary


## Responsibility And Activities

* >
* >
* >
* >
* >
* >
* >
* Fundamental analysis of NSE listed companies, industrial and economic research.
* Having conversation with target companies’ officials to gather various information and data involved in
* fundamental analysis of companies.
* Use of SWOT analysis and Porter’s 5 Model to gain insight into companies’ future prospects and industry
* competition structure.
* Valuation of companies through DCF, SOTP, Relative valuation and P/E Model.
* Prepared fundamental research reports on Mcleod Russel, Exide and Bharati Shipyard.
* Presented reports to fund managers, CIO and CFO of different fund houses.
* To provide on job training to juniors to accomplish the work


## Key Learning’S

* >
* >
* >
* Developed an understanding on functioning of the securities market in India.
* Gained an insight into developing models for the purpose of valuation of companies.
* Received an exposure in the field of investment analysis.


## Education

--- Page Break ---
* MBA (Finance) ICFAI Business School ICFAI University, Dehradun | 2010 8 —CGPA
* CA Final-1* Group | ICAT ICAI 2013 52%


## Ca (Ped) Icai Icai 2006 54%

* B.com Bhawanipur College Calcutta University 2008 64%
* HLS. Sri Jain Vidyalaya West Bengal Board 2005 72.2%
* Madhyamik Sri Daulatram Nopany Vidyalaya | West Bengal Board 2003 76%


## Technological Competency

* > Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Internet, Bloomberg, Prowess
* > Meaningful exposure of working in Computer Savy Environment including ERP.
* > Completed 250 hours of ‘Compulsory Information Technology Training’ conducted by ICAI


## Additional Qualification

* > NCFM Capital Market (Dealers Module) in 2009, secured 72.50%


## Project Undertaken

* Ratio Analysis of Adani Enterprise
* Portfolio management system
* Worked as an Assistant Auditor for Saraf and Chandra
* Assisted in audit of Stesalit Ltd., Turtle Ltd., Tata Teleservices Ltd.


## Achievements

* Academic
* > Successfully completed summer internship project with “A” grade at ITC-Limited on Sales Promotion
* strategy of ITC in Personal Care Products segment vis-a-vis Competition
* Attended workshop on business strategy analysis and equity valuation of Apollo Tyres limited with Cygnus
* Business Consulting and Research.
* Got scholarship worth Rs.50000 in Semester examinations.
* Won first prize for Case Analysis and Presentation on “Russian economy in the Post Soviet Era”
* at IBS Pune, Finance and Economics Club.
* Active member of EICASA and also a content editor for their E-magazine.
* Successfully completed HDFC bank joint certification program for RM


## Vv Vv

* Sports
* Won cricket tournament in IBS Pune.
* Active volunteer and participant in sports events like table tennis, cricket and badminton.
* Cultural
* > Helped raising funds for hospitals and Helpage India.
* > Active volunteer of the local Durga Puja Committee.
* Vv
* Date of Birth : 21.04.1987
* Marital Status : Married
* Nationality : Indian
* Preferred Location : Kolkata
* Languages Known : English, Hindi, Bengali (speaking)
* Hobbies / Interests : Blogging, Playing Cricket, Table Tennis and Badminton.
* Attitude : A Motivated, Self Confident & Optimistic person.

