# Dipankar Khanra

## Contact Information

* Email ld: dipankar.khanra1985@gmail.com


## Objective

* To pursue a challenging career in leading and progressive organization offering opportunities for
* utilizing my skills towards the growth of the organization and add to my professional growth.


## Experience

* MIS Dashboard designing
* Budgeting and provisioning exercise for Opex & Capex
* Cost optimization and savings
* Facility operation cost
* Premises rental processing
* Scheme designing, Cost benefit analysis and distribution of
* Monthly incentive for various functions, 30+ pool, 90+ pool,
* Navrang, Field & Forum Recovery functions, Legal, Risk,
* Credit, Operations and Customer Service functions of the Asset
* Limited Backed Financing business.
* Asst Manager-MIS Instrumental in automation of data on Mifin, SAS and QlikView.
* (March 2014 to till date) File review for Credit, Operations and Risk functions and
* providing inputs on the overall performance.
* Analyzing the movement of delinquent loans and collection
* performance of products and pools.
* Preparation of Appraisal, Annual Performance Bonus and
* Reward & Recognition calculations for various functions.
* Poonawalla Fincorp
* Catering to various adhoc requirements of the management for
* Board Meetings, External credit rating agencies, external
* auditors
* Preparation of incentive and proposed scheme calculations.
* Preparation of plan for Target vs Actual business gap reduction
* on frequent basis and Business review presentations.
* Preparation of Branch performance and Branch Managers
* Prapti Fashions Pvt. Ltd. productivity analysis.
* Senior Executive-MIS Involved in claim settlement process with focus on receivables
* (Dec 2011 to Feb 2014) management and Stock management.
* Assisting in Accounts, MIS, Finance and Internal audit
* operations of mobile accessories distributorship business of the
* company.
* Preparation of customer related contest calculations.
* Nokia India Pvt. Ltd Analysis of Sales force performance, productivity measures and
* (People Concept) preparing varied Sales report for review.
* Executive- MIS Preparing Market share reports and performance reviews of
--- Page Break ---
* channels, IMEI nos., etc.
* (June 2009 to August Involved in claim settlement process with focus on receivables
* 2011) management and Stock management.
* Responsible for Distribution and Sales of West Bengal.
* Analysis of business trends like prepaid customer base
* movement, recharge and network utilization trend and grace
* period subscribers.
* Reliance Telecom Ltd Preparation of database for mapping channels to geographical
* (Adecco) hierarchy.
* Executive -MIS Analysis of Primary, Secondary and Tertiary Sales product wise
* (January 2008 to May and managing stock.
* 2009) Preparation of Market share reports and Competition key
* indicators like Products, Manpower etc.


## Qualifications

* e MBA (Systems) from Sikkim Manipal University 2012.
* e Diploma in MIS from NIIT in MS Office, Access and Advanced Excel,
* e Diploma in Financial Accounting from Youth Computer Centre in MS Office, Tally.
* e B.Com (Honours) from Calcutta University, 2006.
* e Higher Secondary from WBBHSE, 2003.
* e Madhyamik from WBBSE, 2001


## Personal Details

* e Father’s Name : Chittaranjan Khanra


## Languages

* e Date of Birth : 4" April, 1985
* e Marital Status : Married

