# 14170_121_cv_tapas_ghosh12022111617

## Contact Information



## Experience

* Name of the Employer
* Designation
* Period
* Job Description
* Name of the Employer
* Designation
* Period
* Job Description
* Name of the Employer
* Designation
* Period
* Job description
* Name of the Employer
* Designation
* Period
* Job description


## Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd.

* ( Formerly MAGMA FINCORP LTD )
* TL ( Team Leader )
* 1* April’ 20 to till date
* Managing collection & Team handling for 31-90
* BKT, Products : CV, CAR, TRACTOR, CE, UCV


## Magma Fincorp Ltd.

* Senior Executive (Collection)
* 17" Sept’2013 to 31 March’20
* Managing collection and recoveries for 61-450 BKT,
* Products : CV, CAR, TRACTOR, CE, UCV
* ICICI BANK LTD (Out source) under the payroll of


## Adma Solutions

* AGENCY MANAGER for Nadia & Murshidabad
* District
* Janary’2008 to 13 Sept’2013
* Managing collection and recoveries of all retail
* Banking products including TW,CV, AUTO,HL, ME,
* CE etc. ( Looking for TW, CV, AUTO, HL, ME, CE
* product delinquency of Nadia Dist, all BKT and DPD
* by Monitoring the agency. Back up of the Collection
* Manager )
* Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Ltd.
* Field Executive
* May’2007 to December’ 2007
* Promoting sales of Mahindra Product & Others
* CV, AUTO, FE & TW for Loan & Managing collection
* and recoveries of all products including
* CV, AUTO, CAR ete
* Contd. Pagd&)2
--- Page Break ---
* d. Name of the Employer
* Designation
* Period
* Job description
* e. Name of the Employer
* Designation
* Period
* Job description
* f. Name of the Employer
* Designation
* Period
* Job Description
* g. Name of the Employer
* Designation
* Period


## Personal Details

* Name
* Father’s Name
* Date of Birth
* Permanent Address
* Academic Qualification
* Other Qualification


## Training

* Centurion Bank of Punjab Ltd.
* Sales Executive
* September’2006 to April’2007
* Promoting sales of TW Loan
* ICICI Bank Ltd.
* DSA ( Direct Sales Agent )
* April’2006 to August 2006
* Promoting sales of TW Loan
* HDFC Bank Ltd under authorized Collection Agency
* Collection Executive
* January’2004 to March’2006
* Managing collection and recoveries of TW.
* A.S.A. Enterprise (Auth. Dealer of Bajaj Auto Ltd.)
* Computer Operator
* May’1997 to December’2003
* Management Development Programme by Bajaj
* Auto Ltd. at Kolkata
* (Computer) Development Programme on
* March’203 by Bajaj Auto Ltd., Pune
--- Page Break ---


## Tapas Ghosh

* Late Ashutosh Ghosh
* 17.10.1972
* Vill : Chasapara 2™ Lane,
* P.O : Krishnanagar, Dist. : Nadia
* Pin — 741101 (W.B)
* Mobile : 8420017281
* Email : tapas.bank@gmail.com
* B.Com (Pass) from Ranaghat College
* under Calcutta University
* Diploma in Computer Science from
* Datamatics Corporation, Kolkata

