# 14755_120_resume2022112259

## Contact Information



## Shailesh Kumar Garg

* 322, RAGHUKUL NIWAS OPP OF GOVT HOSPITAL MOHAN NAGAR HINDAUN CITY
* Sh. Ghasi Lal Garg
* Smt. Santosh Garg
* 24" Jan 1985
* Married
* Hindi and English
* Indian


## Distt- Karauli (Raj)-322230

* Cell No.: 9983252511 E-mail: shailesh.garg37@gmail.com


## Objective

* To obtain a position where my skills can be utilized to best of my potential to accept Responsibility and
* new challenges with enthusiasm and commitment.


## Academic Qualification

* Post-Graduation (PGDTP) from Rajasthan University
* Basic Knowledge of Computer (RS-CIT,)


## Experience

* Company - POONAWALLA FINCORP LTD
* Designation - Senior Operation Branch Manager
* Location - Hindaun City Distt- Karauli (Rajasthan)
* Duration - 05, December 2011 to Till Date
* Handled the disbursement file of New and Used Tractor, CV, CE, and CAR.
* Data entry and punch the file in system and Release the payment to Dealer or
* Customer.
* Checking the file as per Company process and send the file to H.O hub.
* Follow-up with H.O audit team to clear the file in first cut.
* PDD updating & Send to H.O on timely basis
* Revert the Audit report within the time limit and follow up for closer.
* Handling the customer care and resolve the Query.
* Handled the Cash counter & other activities of cashier.
* Petty cash management.
* Maintaining good relation with the customer and dealers.
* Generate Cibil & Highmark.
* Prepare external valuation bill on monthly basis.
* Co-ordination with processing vendors.
* Checking Foreclosure of clients and arranging to release NOC for said loans that
* has been settled or matured.
* Whole knowledge with related to operations work.
* Admin experince


## Hobbies

--- Page Break ---
* Listening music
* Net Surfing
* Reading Books


## Profile

* Name
* Father's Name
* Mother’ Name
* Date of Birth
* Marital status
* Language Known
* Nationality


## Date

* Place: Jaipur

