# 15118_120_resumeofupalbanerjeeec151182022112219

## Contact Information



## Upal Banerjee

* Mobile: 09836284634 / 9831033812 ~ E-Mail: cma.upal11@gmail.com ~


## Summary

* e Cost & Management Accountant and MBA (specialization in International Business) and having over 14 years of post
* qualification experience in Indirect Taxation, Commercial Operations, Taxation Litigations, Accounts and Contract
* Management;
* e Member of ASSOCHAM Eastern Region - Taxation and Compliance Sub-committee, as GST Expert.
* e Gained understanding of handling a wide spectrum of Finance & Accounts activities encompassing Taxation, Accounts and
* auditing;
* e A keen analyst with expertise in arranging & ensuring timely compliance encompassing both Operational, strategic
* andlitigations related matters in the capacity of lead — Indirect Taxation covering GST , State VAT and Service Tax;
* e Strong background in Indirect Taxation with expertise in development and execution of effective tax strategies;
* e Take leadership in implementation of Goods and Service Tax in the Organization and its group companies;
* e Strong analytical and communication skills and adept at maintaining cordial business relationship with clients of various
* national & international companies and other external agencies;
* e With High leadership quality, has been leading a team including professionals across fields to deliver success in line with the
* management principles and policies ensuring compliance all around;


## Core Competencies

* e Controlling and having overall responsibility of GST covering 68 GST registrations in the organization and its group companies;
* e Rendering written opinions on indirect tax matters, drafting reply to Show Cause Notices, appeals , correspondences with
* customers and vendors in all indirect taxation matters;
* e Performing Tax Planning and undertaking cost benefit analysis for supporting critical business decisions ;
* e Playing the lead role of handling Goods & Service tax, VAT & Service Tax in the organization having high expertise in handling
* all type of Audits, Assessments and investigations;
* e Accountable for maintaining Goods & Service Tax , VAT & Service Tax records covering all operational work including timely
* filing of returns;
* e Had looked after the project tendering areas covering indirect tax related matters. Played pivotal role in various business tie ups
* from agreement studying to various other related issues including GST & other Indirect Tax related matters
* e Have taken a pivotal role in ERP implementation as well as all indirect tax related developments;
* Page 1 of 6
--- Page Break ---


## Employment

* April 16 — Present : Poonawalla Fincorp limited (Formerly Magma Fincorp Limited), as Sr. Manager — Taxation
* Growth Path
* April 16 — April 18 Joined as Manager —Taxation
* April 18 to Present Senior Manager — Taxation
* Key Result Areas


## Goods Service Tax 

* To look after the GST of the Poonawalla Group covering its Loan vertical, Auto Lease Vertical as well as Housing Finance
* group company, comprising of 68 registrations
* Maintaining proper compliance related to GST registration covering 300+ branches, timely filing of all GST returns with a T-3
* TAT ensuring timely reconciliation of books of accounts for all return related data;
* Has taken a pivotal role as Indirect Tax — Lead, to implement GST in the Organization from a hybrid structure of Centralized
* Service Tax registration and decentralized VAT structure to complete decentralized Vertical wise GST structure along with
* proper ERP implementation in GST in all the group companies.
* Timely completion and filing of GST Annual Returns and GSTR 9C across all registration maintaining statewise Trial Balance
* Reconciliation;
* Attending and replying all jurisdictional proceedings, notices, queries and investigations across all registrations for GST ona
* time to time manner through in person attendance or faceless as per department requirements;
* Drafting of reply to SCN and Appeals upto tribunal level and further extending support to company appointed professionals in
* drafting the appeals for higher forums;
* Dealing in SEZ related transactions including refund mechanism and LUT route ensuring proper compliance under my
* leadership;
* Attending, coordinating and completing successfully all process audit, Internal Audit , Financial Control audit and Statutory
* Audit;
* To prepare and timely provide MIS to the Senior Management updating the status of the company from the GST perspective;
* To update, extend suggestions and propose tax precautionary measures to the senior management for effective business
* process.
* To extend tax related advise to the business team to have tax effective business proposals for business expansions across
* corners.
* Timely interaction with the various consultants, lawyers and other professionals on different litigation matters across all states
* and take timely decision and documentation & knowledge support to attend various appeals across all forums;


## Sales Tax

* Closely monitored monthly payment process of various sales tax liability like VAT & Entry tax and supervising return for all
* India basis for the Autolease Business during Pre-GST era having presence in 14 states;
* Representing the company before sales tax authority at the time of assessment, audit and appeal; appearing before
* Revisional Board, Tax Tribunal with the advocates,
* Give opinion to Autolease team regarding tax implication on different VAT related matters for opting the most effective tax
* planning measures without evading taxes;
* Deals with all customers/lessees and vendors/dealers in indirect tax related matters.
* Page 2 of 6
--- Page Break ---
* ° Deals with all accounting related matters of indirect taxations, its impact in the books of accounts of the company. Plays a
* substantial role at the time of finalization of books of accounts from the indirect taxes accounting matters.
* e Closely monitoring monthly payment process of various sales tax liability like VAT, CST, WCT & Entry tax and supervising
* return for Eleven states mainly Gujarat, Orissa, Assam, Tripura, Tamil Nadu, Pondicherry, Bihar, Kerala, Jammu & Kashmir,
* Uttar Pradesh & Jharkhand
* e Representing the company before sales tax authority at the time of assessment, audit and appeal; appearing before Revisional
* Board
* e Adhering to various statutory compliance w.r.t. sales tax related matters. Keeping track of collection and ensuring issue of all
* the statutory forms and WCT TDS certificate
* e Give opinion to project management team regarding tax implication of 3a, 3b sales; Sale U/s 6(2) of CST Act; Sale U/s 5(2) of
* CST Act and different VAT related matters for opting the most effective tax planning measures without evading taxes
* e Deals with all customers and vendors in indirect tax related matters.
* e Deals with all accounting related matters of indirect taxations, its impact in the books of accounts of the company. Plays a
* substantial role at the time of finalization of books of accounts from the indirect taxes accounting matters.


## Service Tax

* e Dealt with all operational and accounting related matters of Service Tax, its impact in the books of accounts of the company
* including return filing, ensuring proper Cenvat Credit availment and time to time advisory to business team on Service Tax
* matter;
* e Deals with all audit related matters i.e. Service tax departmental Audit; statutory Audits etc
* e Drafting Replies to all show cause notices; show cause cum demand notices; audit notices; extending support to lawyers in
* drafting appeals at various forums;
* e Attends personal hearing before appellate authority upto Commissioner (appeals) level;
* e Being working in the capacity of Lead — Service Tax , have dealt with all operational and accounting related matters of indirect
* taxations, its impact in the books of accounts of the company including return filing, ensuring proper Cenvat Credit availment
* and time to time advisory to business team on Service Tax matter;
* e Play the lead role at the time of finalization of books of accounts from the indirect taxes accounting matters.
* e Deals with all audit related matters i.e. Service tax departmental Audit; CERA Audit; MLU units; statutory Audits etc
* e Drafting Replies to all show cause notices; show cause cum demand notices; spot memos; audit notices; appeals at various
* forums
* e Attends personal hearing before the Commissioner; Addtnl. Commissioner; Deputy Commissioner and Asst. Commissioner
* e Attends personal hearing in appeal related matters before the Tribunal (EZB) and Commissioner (Appeals).
* e Attends summons issues by DGCEI across India.


## Achievements

* e Successfully implemented GST in the Organization from a hybrid structure to a vertical wise decentralized structure for 68
* registrations;
* e Lead the team in getting favorable order in a matter related to TRAN-1 credit ,against Govt. of Telangana before the
* Hon’ ble Hyderabad High Court amounting Rs. 1.44Cr.
* e Lead the team in getting favorable Order in a matter of penalty imposition of 200% of Tax before the Hon ble Rajasthan
* High Court and followed by Hon ble Supreme Court;
* e Successfully attended various search and investigation team of the Govt Authorities in various states and debarring them
* from sealing of offices and seazing of documents with timely documents production, explanations and legal interpretations;
* e Successfully attended more than 43 VAT assessments majorly without any demand in 14 states; wherever there is
* demand, has been successfully represented to drop the same in 1* appellate authority or presently subjudice with a
* favorable inclination;
* e Successfully represented the company before the Commercial Tax Tribunal,Lucknow in matter of Hire Purchase Finance
* involving Rs. 67.50 Crs covering 3 assessment years;
* e Successfully completion of amnesty scheme matters in independent charge ensuring company a benefit of Rs. 15crores
* without any negative observation under MVAT;
* e Successfully represented the company before 1% appellate authority to drop a VAT demand amounting Rs. 8.50 crores
* under MVAT;
* Streamlined the entire Indirect Taxation Dept. and successfully developed various control system & preventive measurement
* w.r.t. the work area assigned by the company. Efficaciously prepared various MIS data related to tax
* Accredited with “Good Job Done” Award by the Whole Time Director & Group CFO of the company in 2012
* Successfully completed service tax departmental audit based on books of Accounts of the Organization for consecutive
* previous 9years with No demand notice issued and no adverse comments
* Successfully completed CERA Audit for consecutive 7 years without any demand notice.
* Arrangement of documents and represented the organization in the Tribunal related matters and subsequently demand has
* been dropped involving amount of Rs. 36cr and has been highly praised by the Whole Time Director & Group CFO.
* Represented the organization successfully before the Commissioner of Service Tax in an interpretational related matter and
* has been highly praised by the higher management.
* Represented the organization successfully by drafting reply in contract related matters before the arbitrational forum and
* has been highly appreciated by the Sr. Vice President — Contract and Company Secretary
* Successfully completed the VAT audit for each states without any adverse comments and qualification from Auditor.
* Successfully completed the assessment of the respective states without any issuance of demand order.
* Mar’ 08 to May’ 08: PARK HOSPITALS (A member of Ambuja Group), Kolkata as OFFICER - COST & CREDIT CONTROL
* Key Result Areas
* Job profile covers the responsibilities of doing the hospital costing; total food costing
* Hospital Budgeting;
* Credit control management with the TPA’s.
* Price fixation with the Vendors.
* Revenue details and finalization of P & L A/c and Balance Sheet.
* PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE [Pre — Professional Qualification]
* Mar 06 to Mar 08: Audit & Accounts Assistant
* Thakur & Co.
* (A leading Cost Accountants firm in Eastern India.)
* Have done Wages (Fixation and Arrear) audit of B.C.C.L (Bharat Coking Coal limited);
* Accounts audit of various Municipality and municipal boards.
* Page 5 of 6
--- Page Break ---
* Academic Details
* e Passed Cost & Management Accountant from The Institute of Cost Accountants of India and presently an Associate member of
* the Institute.
* e Intermediate passed in June 2006 ; Final (stage III) passed in June 2007 ;Final (stage IV) passed in December 2007
* e Completed MBA from ICFAI University, Tripura with specialization in International Business.
* e Have passed Dip. In Business Management as well as Adv. Dip. In Business Management from ICFAI University, Tripura;
* e Completed my schooling (Xth and XIlth) standard from Orient Day School in the year 2000 and 2002 respectively.
* e Completed my B.COM (H) in Accountancy from Calcutta University in 2005.


## Awards

* ° Has been awarded with the “Certificate of Appreciation” for the period H1 of 2017-18 in the National Leadership Meet by the
* CFO and the VC & MD of the company;
* ° Has been acknowledged by the organization by publishing the successful contribution in GST implementation in the company
* bulletins;
* ° Has been awarded with CATLYST Award by the company in Q1 -22-23;
* ° The company has been awarded with “Certificate of Commendation” for exemplary performance in GST in F.Y. 2020-21 by the
* Central Tax Bengaluru Zone;
* Page 3 of 6
--- Page Break ---
* May 08 - April 16: McNally Bharat Engineering Company as Dy. HOD - Commercial
* Growth Path
* May 08 — May 09 Joined as Management Trainee
* May 09 - Mar’12 Asst. Manager
* Mar’12 — April 16 Deputy Manager , commercial
* Key Result Areas


## Contract

* e = Involved in preparing commercial clause of the contract
* e Explaining contract to commercial tax authority & substantiating any critical transaction by explaining the contract
* e Resolving issues related to Sales Tax & Service Tax


## Accounts

* e Involved in preparing schedule for statutory auditors
* e Overseeing accounts closing for the all ledger related to Service Tax,sales tax & excise, i.e. liability, ITC, CENVAT, WCT
* deduction (by customer & from contractor), etc. for 11 states & Over all Service Tax across India including subsidiaries
* Page 4 of 6
--- Page Break ---
* Conducting reconciliation of sales reported in the sales tax return, service tax return and balance sheet turnover
* Ensuring disclosure of contingent liability with proper explanation given to Statutory Auditor related to Service Tax & sales tax
* matter


## Skills

* e Well versed with Windows, MS-Word, MS-Excel, Completed the course on computing, accounting &finance in terms of
* compulsory computer training programme from I.C.W.A.I.
* e Has worked ORACLE accounting system in McNally Bharat Engineering Company Limited, as a “super user” in implementation
* of Indirect Taxation areas in McNally Bharat Engineering Company Limited.
* e Presently acting as super user for Indirect Taxation in Oracle Fusion implementation in the Poonawalla Fincorp Limited and its
* group companies.
* e Has been working as Indirect Taxation SPOC for various IT development & implementation related work in Poonawalla
* Fincorp Limited including Finnone — LMS , CCA — Oracle and Oracle Fusion.


## Personal Details

* Date of Birth: 11th February,1984
* Languages Known: English (read, write and speak), Bengali (read, write and speak), and Hindi (speak);
* Gender: Male
* Religion: Hindu
* Marital Status: Married
* Father's Name: Late Nityananda Banerjee [Retd. Officer — Indian Revenue Service]
* Mother’s Name: Late Kalpana Banerjee
* Family [Present]: Wife [Masters in Psychiatric Nursing and Masters in Alternative Medicine, Working as an Associate
* Professor in a reputed College of Nursing] and Three year old Son.
* Address: 2/1/D Mayadasi road, Behala, Kolkata -700060


## Extra-Curricular Activities

* e Intra— College table tennis champion (singles) for three consecutive years 2002-03, 2003-04 & 2004-05.
* e Have successfully attended a workshop on “Interpersonal Communication skill” organized by British Council, Kolkata.
* Page 6 of 6

