# 17036_120_updatedcv12022111612

## Contact Information



## Near Kids Kingdom School Jodhpur Pin- 342001

* Mob: +91-9529584985,9782032630; Email: aparjapat143 @ gmail.com


## Objective

* Outgoing, motivated team player eager to contribute dynamic customer service, administrative, supervisory, team
* building, and organizational skills towards supporting the objectives of an organization that rewards reliability,
* dedication, and solid work ethics with opportunities for professional growth.


## Skills

* e §=6 Ability to plan, organize and keep going under tight schedule.
* e Dedicated and loyal towards work and organization.
* e ~§= Ability to work on multiple tasks with efficiently
* e Able to work independently as Well as Team Leader
* Ability to work independently and in a team as well.
* Active participation in cultural & sports events at College Level.
* Ability to learn new things.
* Ability to Lead Team at State Level
* Ability to Take Care Responsibility of Admin at State Level (Vendor Management ,Facility Management Travel
* Desk Management )


## Experience

* Organization: Poonawalla Fincorp (MAGMA FINCORP LIMITED)
* Destination and job Responsibilities: Executive ops
* Organization: BAJAJ Finance Company (Sep 2013 to Nov 2014 )
* Destination and job Responsibilities: Joining as branch Sales executive (HL & LAP )
* e Alien all Doc’s for Sourced File ,Check All Customer Doc’s
* e Login in to System
* e Resolve all Query of Credit for related to Sourced File
* e Take Follow-up till Final Disbursement
* Customer Service Day to day Branch Activities, maintaining good repo with customer, Contributor with ability to
* work with team or individual within a business unit or department, Possesses strong ability to understanding
* customers’ needs with excellent communication skills.
* Page 1 of 2
--- Page Break ---
* Operation Officer Dealing with Sale Team to collect there booking File’s, Follow the Process and pass the
* Discrepancy MIS by Scrutiny OF Doc’s After Complete Check (KYC, Product Policy and Credit Norms) Processed for
* Disbursement & Final Payment.
* Sales Coordinator Maintain the Relation With Chanel Partner, Alien Complete File According Product & Police .
* 3 WOKING EXPERIENCE :- Western Union Money Transfer
* (Jan 2006 to Aug 2013 )
* Destination and job Responsibilities: - Back Office Executive
* e Run the Counter of Money Exchange
* e¢ Coordinate With Channel Partners & Financial Institute For Business Booking
* e Make Relation With Free Lancer’s For Sourcing of Business from Open Market
* e Maintain Business Data Sheet Over Achievement v/s Target
* e Attend Seminars & Training for Business Development .


## Role

* Operation —Auto Vehicle, BL, HL & LAP
* e Check the Login File and Generate CIBIL ,Dedupe & Purposed to ACM For Sanction
* e Process Post sanction loan files with minimum Ops TAT.
* e Issue sanction later and issue DO
* e Following the procedure of the company & ensured compliance to rules and regulations of company
* including latest circulars notification.
* e Dispatched the files for payment after payment is process with Ho end.
* Accounts
* e Collect cash form customer and field officer at cash counter.
* e Effectively managed cash receipt, deposits and updating in the system as well as oversaw day by day
* physical cash collection with system report and receipts filing of EOD reports.
* e Timely banking and making fund flow statements
* e Managing petty cash expenses and preparing petty cash statement as per cycle.
* Customer service
* e Played key role in monitoring and supervising day to day inbound client calls 7 walk-in customer queries.
* e Achieve cross-selling and up selling targets.
* e Seamlessly handled customer queries regarding SOA, PMT, NOC & Due charges.
* e Oversaw NOC issuance and active role in keeping records of NOC issuance and refund detail.
* e Liaised with the HO resolution for timely resolution of customer queries.


## Competencies

* 1. Efficient handling of day to day Branch activities.
* 2. Ability to serving the customer requirements to their satisfaction level.
* 3. Knowledge of MS Office applications like Excel, Word etc .


## Yvyuyy

* Board & University
* Secondary Rajasthan Board, Ajmer
* Senior Secondary Rajasthan Board, Ajmer
* Jai Narayan Vyas University Jodhpur In B.A
* Jai Narayan Vyas University Jodhpur in M.A (POL.Science)
* Jai Narayan Vyas University Jodhpur, LL.B


## Personal Particulars

* Father’s Name : Shri Gulabchand Prajapat
* Marital Status : Married
* Birth Date : 28th, Sep, 1981.
* Nationality : Indian


## Declaration

* I hereby declared that all the information provided by me in this application is factual and correct to
* the best of my knowledge and belief.
* Date..........0006
* Place........cccceeee
* (Ashok Prajapat)
* Page 2 of 2

