# 17321_120_cvsantanudas2022111629

## Contact Information



## Curriculam  Vitae

* Present Address: --
* Shivanand Nagar, Near Sai Mandir,
* SANTANU DAS Jai Hind Vihar Colony, Raipur.
* Contact No — 9907430906 , 7909528830
* Email Address: San_0201@ yahoo.co.in
* santanu.das1@ poonawallafincorp.com Current Location- Raipur


## Objective

* Intend to build a carrier with leading corporate of hi-tech environment with committed & dedicated people,
* which will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential. Wish to work as a key player in challenging &
* creative environment.


## Expectation From Job

* The financial freedom and fulfill carrier goals.


## Academic Qualification

* Science graduate( B.Sc ) from Calcutta University in the year of 2000.
* Also Licentiate certificate holder from IRDA (SPECIFIED PERSON FOR A CORPORATE AGENT-- CERT. NO. >


## Technical Qualification

* e-DAST (e- Diploma in Advanced Software Technology ) from C.M.C Kolkata in the year of 2002 .


## Course Details

* Windows98 , M.S.Office, C, C++, UNIX, Oracle, V.B,HTML, E-Commerce , Internet, Email, Tally etc.


## Experience

* Previously engaged as a Sr. Branch Operation Executive in "GTFS MULTI SERVICES LTD." It’s a Kolkata
* based insurance corporate group, with from 04/05/2004 to 05/05/2016. It is a one of the largest corporate group of West
* Bengal, deal with life and general insurance of different companies ( Bajaj , Reliance , LIC , Future generally , Kotak
* etc )
* At present I am engaged in Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd (Formerly Known as Magma Fincorp Ltd.) as a Sr
* Executive ( Br.Ops ) with form 17.05.2016. In hereI am looking total loan operation process { Housing (HL , LAP ),
* SME, Car, Tractor, Commercial Vehicle , Comm. Equipment, & USED }, PDD updation , NOC generate & blocking
* ,TDS , different kind of MIS generation , cash handling, etc.
--- Page Break ---


## Profile

* Role: Providing back end support to the sales channel ,credit and operations team.
* Key Responsibilities : Provide end to end back end operational support to the sales Channels/O perations/C redit /
* Support Functions in terms of maintaining data, all types of POS, login, preparing MIS and generating various
* reports.
* e Communicating and coordinating with various departments and branch locations.


## Personal Details

* Father's Name : SRI ANANDAMOY DAS
* Date of Birth : 02 //01// 1978
* Nationality : Indian
* Religion : Hinduism
* Sex : Male
* Marital Status : Married
* Hobbies : Listening to music, reading books, news paper etc.


## Declaration 

* I hereby declare that all the information and data given above are true and authentic to the best of my knowledge. I may
* assure you sir, that if a chance of service is given to me, I will leave no stone unturned in the discharge of my duties.
* Place :Raipur
* Y ours faithfully,
* Date : Santanu Das

