# 17424_120_santoshcv2022112112

## Contact Information



## Dist-Azamgarh, 276203

* Yadavsantosh3202@gmail.com
* 9984537383


## Objective

* “To be a professional and to utilize my skill and knowledge to full fill the requirement of the
* organization in customer service.”


## Skills

* ¢ Having 4 years of experience in the field of banking.
* ¢ Currently working with Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd (formally known as Magma incorp Ltd)
* ¢ Expertise in A/C & Commercial vehicle Tractor & Car,
* ¢ Handling different assignments in Operation, & A/C, Customer Service management and
* having good Communication skill to satisfy customers need.
* ¢ Achievement of the regular cross sales target.
* ¢ Providing all customer service to customer like NOC, Insurance, and PDD Updating of all
* products resolve customer quarry satisfaction level.


## Education

* ¢ Diploma course in Computer from INFOTECH COMPUTURE EDUCATION center
* ¢ Graduation from Purwanchal university Jaunpur, (2000-2003)
* ¢ Intermediate, Uttar Pradesh Board, (1999-2000)
* ¢ High School, Uttar Pradesh Board, (1997-1998)
--- Page Break ---


## Experience

* MAGMA FINCORP LTD. — 6 year + experience (08 Aug 2016 —till date)
* HDB FINANCIAL SERVICES LTD. — 4 years (Jan 2011 —19 Sep 2015)
* ¢ Worked with HDFC Bank (WBO) since 03 Jan 2011 as an Officer Grade 1 (Whole Branch
* banking operation).
* ¢ Worked with Magma Fincorp LTD 08 Aug. 2016 as a Sr. OPS & A/C (Executive).


## Profile

* ¢ Date of Birth: December 11, 1981
* e Sex: Male
* ¢ Marital Status: Married
* ¢ Language Knowns: English, Hindi
* ¢ Nationality: Indian


## Declaration

* I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I
* bear the Responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.
* Date: 17/11/2022

