# 17607_120_resumev120222022111639

## Contact Information



## Sumanta Das

* Mobile Phone: +91 7349821659
* E-Mail Id: Sumantadas43@yahoo.com


## Address For Correspondence

* Bolpur Basantitata , Bolpur Birbhum — 731204


## Professional Synopsis

* > A result oriented professional with 10 + years of experience in the field of Banking liability products & Finance in
* Operations/ Customer Service & Accounts .
* > Assign in a team to work in systematic way & perform with the set process & policies.
* > Expertise in spearheading the Operational & Service activities & policies with smooth flow compliance.


## Product Proficiency

* ° Asset based Finance (Car/CV/CE/Refinance/RC Limit/Branch RC Limit / Pre Owned Car )


## Skills

* Key Account Management/ Customer Service
* % Developing relationships with new customer and client base for the business development.
* % Sustaining a customer centric environment that fosters development opportunities and motivates high performance
* amongst the customer service team as well as among the team members.
* Ensuring customer satisfaction by achieving delivery & service quality norms.
* Team Management Leading, nurturing & monitoring the performance of the team to ensure efficiency in process opera-
* tions & meeting of individual & group targets. Imparting / organization training programme for new recruits, while ensur-
* ing their career development and positive contribution to the company.


## Organizational Examine

* Jan’2017 to Till Date as a Branch Operation Manager - Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd (Formerly MAGMA FINCORP LTD )


## Key Responsibility Areas

* Branch Operation
* Customer Service
* Branch Accounts
* > Basically approved CV/CE/CAR/Tractor/Refinance/POC files checking in system with documents . follow the KYC norms
* which is entered in system ID/ DOB & address with physical documents .
* > Proposed files asset cost check IBB / Valuation which is lower .
* > Checking LTV in system/Waiver as per customer category & product scheme .
* If asset insurance / loan protect & loan surakha funding than entry in system as per calculator which is provided by Sales
* team.
* > Checking bank details entry in system as per bank details .
* > Checking asset entry which is entered by sales team/credit , if any kind of mismatch between RC & system than
* modified in system .
* > Checking positive RCU & Fl before disbursement .
* > All approve files cleared with in TAT .
* > Activate NACH ( E-NACH / M-NACH ) before disbursement .
* > PDD (RC/Invoice/Insurance ) entry is system , any kind of mismatch between RC & system approval taken from
* credit / operation head before update .
* All parties cibil , internal & others dedupe checking before file process .
* Initiate Fl which is not reflecting in FO system and allocate to concern FO.
* Support to sales team for business growth .
* Approval taken for RC limit code creation .
* Provide service to customer any kind of service related query .
* Approaching for refinance to customer & generate lead .
* Received customer EMI & deposited on daily basis .
* e Product Verification
* e Sales Coordination
* e Liability Product process
* e Quality checking.
* > Verify the Signature and other details of the Customer and Using some specific and internal software of HDFC
* BANK. Products.
*> Cheques checking & entry .
*> Checking cheque clearance , Recurring Deposit Check , Demat & Trading Account Check , Debit Card- Titanium/
* Platinum/Gold/JPDC, Process Savings Account To Max Account, Standard Life Insurance & Loan Against Credit
* Card.
* > Maintain a regular MIS (or data)of the customer’s who applied for various products using Excel worksheet.
* > Quality check of credit card application form.
* > Telephonic verification of customers, maintenance of database ensuring the complete process flow in DIP desk.
* > Demonstrate ways to improve Customer Service, increase productivity and identify issues or Escalation.
* > Working with the team in resolving issues both process & customer related and sharing best practices for
* achieving the performance deliverables agreed upon.


## Vv Vv Vv Yv

--- Page Break ---
* January 12 to December 16 as a Jr Processing Officer (OCC Quality Dip Desk ) in HDB FINANCIAL SERVICES LTD (HDFC


## Qualification

* jExam | Board =| Passed Year |
* Madhyamik (10°) WBBSE 2002
* Higher Secondary (12") WBCHSE 2004
* Burdwan University | 2007


## Personal Dossier

* Fathers Name : Mr. Lt Rash Behari Das
* Date of Birth 16" Mach 1984
* Sex Male.
* Marital Status : Married
* Nationality : Indian.


## Date

* Place: Bolpur cent nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn

