# 18031_120_meghnaresume2022111608

## Contact Information



## Resume

* 2269,First Street,
* Maliwada’s Pole,
* Halim Street, Shahpur,
* Ahmedabad-380 001.
* Phone: 919909946012


## E-Mail

* ramimegha@ gmail.com
* Meghna Rami


## Objective

* | Believe in the fact that success is not possible without hard work and
* sincerity. | believe working in organization that can explore & use the
* Skills that | have. & gain maximum practical knowledge


## Education

* H.S.C. with 50% (G.S.E-B.)
* S.S.C. with 65% (G.S.E.B.)
* S.Y.BCOM with 50% (Gujarat University)
* (Subject - Advance Accountancy)


## Skills

* Platforms: Operating System MS-DOS ,Windows 3.1/95/98/NT/2000,LAN(4X), INTERNET
* Software: Ms-Office 2000,FrontP age,(Web Desg., FoxPro 2.5,Tally 5.4 new Deal,
* Coreldraw-9,P agemaker-6.5,P hotoShop5.5,Corel,P hotopaint, AdobeAcrodeR eder,
* Programming: HTML, DHTML, and XHTML,] ava Script,C,
* e F.A.S. with A+ Grade from Noble Computer Training Div.,-1998


## Experience

* NOBLE COMPUTER TRAINING DIVISION PVT LTD.. (LECTURER) , Textile Technician soc. Nr.
* Dinesh Hall, Income tax. ( April 2000- Sep 2003)


## Training

* e  .Lecturer
* RELIANCE COMPUTER DIVISION (TUTORE),B.G.Tower,Delhi Gate,shahpur,Ahmedabad
* ( May 1998 - Sep 2000) and other branches.
* e Lecturer
--- Page Break ---
* Perfect Solution (Collection Agency, TATA TELESERVICES LTD.) 308, Rajvi Complex,
* Maninagar (Oct 2003 — March 2007). Ref:Mr.Vishalsing chauhan—9825098899,Mr.Rajivsing
* Thakur ----9824303977
* Designation :Team Leader(Administration) - Perfect Solutions


## Responsibilitie

* Back Office performance review and analysis on different parameters of Backhand
* Coordination with the team and departments for the smooth functioning of customer
* department
* Coordinating with different functions, dealers to resolve the complaints in given Service Level
* Agreement time.
* Maintain the relation between executive and the management
* MIS to senior management, which includes daily MIS, Weekly comparison & Monthly reports.
* Monthly Back Office planning
* Collection of the payments (LIVE BUCKET, RETAIN CASES & RELOGIN CASES).
* Getting collection of at least 92% of the total portfolio
* Leading a team of Total 25 well trained collection & Retention executives and 10 Telecaller
* Making the adjustments if it’s possible.
* Including work SBI Credit card (Recovery) , ICICI] Two wheelers and Personal Loan ,
* Payment Collection, Airtel - Bharati Tele-Ventues Limited.(30-60 Bucket), CitiFinancial
* Consumer
* Finance India Ltd.(Bucket 0,1,2),H S B C Bank Corporation Ltd.(Bucket -1 Chq Bounce
* Payment Collected )
* Anjania Buildcon Pvt. Ltd.(Out Door Advertisement & Signage Sloution )
* (April 2007-Nov 2012) (Ramdevsinh D Gohil — 9727633399)
* Work with Corporate Company: Vodafone ,Airtel ,MTS,Reliance,Dishtv
* 302,Sarthal-1,B/H Uraj House Swastik #Roads.C.G.Road,Navrangpura Anmedabad-380009
* Designation : Office Administrator(Sr.E xecutive)
--- Page Break ---
* Kotak Mahindra Bank LTD(Dec 2012-Oct 2016)
* Unit No. 223 — 229, 2nd Floor, Siddhi vinayak
* Ahmedabad
* Gujarat - 380006
* Designation: Back Office (Coordinator for Maharashtra Gujarat and MP)
* NCL calculation for the Month.
* DRA and Agency Costing.
* Future Loss Projection forQTR and FY.
* Efficiency calculation for the Month, QTR and FY.
* Other time based MIS as required by RRH.
* ™& Product wise Reporting to RRH.


## Free

* Continue Job...
* Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd/Poonawalla Housing Finance Ltd..(oct-2016 continue..
* 1st floor ,Aunum Avenue, Mithakhali Six Road,
* Opp Kotak Mahindra Bank,Ahmedabad-380006
* Designation-West Legal Co-coordinator.
* Preparation of MIS of all recourses like EP,SARFAESI, Section 34,CAC,CBC,Section
* 138,Section 17,Section-9 and coordination with Central team(P ortfolio:-ABF ,HL,SME
* Coordination with entire Gujarat Advocate for Billing Activity and MIS
* Billing activity of Advocate and other agency of entire Gujarat
* Coordination with Recovery team and providing summons, warrants as per their requirement.
* Coordination with Central team regarding New Empanelment Advocate, MIS, Clearance of bill
* of Advocate and providing all support to SLH and ZLH
* Personal Info
* D.O.B 5 August,1978
* Martial Status Married


## Languages

* Interest Reading, Music
* Thank You.
* [Meghna Rami]

