# 18084_120_ishamsinghresume2022112146

## Contact Information



## Isham Singh

* Present Address: Vill-Barthal teh, Nilokheri distt, karnal , Haryana
* Mobile: 09991878725 E-Mail: ishamchoudhary84@gmail.com
* eA eT SY
* Synopsis: Magma Fincorp Ltd has presence PAN India across 20 states & is handling mainly Finance for,
* PL, FW, products. Like.(Car, C.V ,Tractor, C.E (New & Used)


## Objective

* ® A challenging position in a professional organization where I could enhance my skills and strengths in


## Academic Credentials

* B.A From Arni University Kangra Himachal Pardesh in 2016
* . Senior Secondary from Haryana Open Boarad Bhiwani in 2012.
* Matriculation from HBSE Bhiwani in 2009.
* Three years diploma in finance account and auditing from govt polytechnic ambala city.


## Current Organization Overview

* Magma Fincorp Ltd has presence PAN India across 20 states & is handling mainly Finance for, PL, FW,
* products.


## Experience

* Organization * Magma Fincorp Ltd kurukshetra (Hr)
* Role * Ops Executive in Operation department.
* Duration * March -2017 -Till Date


## Key Responsibilities

* Check the F.W PL. files. Like.(Car, C.V ,Tractor, C.E (New & Used)
* Review all pre disburse files and check with credit norms and found suspected docs.
* Found mismatch with not as per credit norms in files.
* Decide the suitable LTV for the customer (On the basis of Profile, Banking & other
* docs)
* Improving the quality of all loan files in respective state
* Resolution of Suspected Docs and Confirm Fraud Docs
* er
* Status/Action on confirm Fraud Cases


## Skills

* Basics of Computer (MS Word, MS Excel, MS Power point.).
--- Page Break ---
* Committed team player with flexible approach towards work.
* Aggressive target oriented personality and very committed towards the assignment given to me.
* Creative, innovative, hard working, Enthusiastic, punctual and Honest.
* Matured enough to handle sensitive information in a professional way.
* 444 4


## Interests

* Making Friend & Listening Music
* Reading News Papers
* Helping the needy people


## Personal Information

* Date of Birth * 13.09.1994
* Sex * Male
* Father’s Name * Sh. Ram kishan
* Nationality * Indian
* Marital Status * Married


## Declaration

* I hereby declare that all the information mentioned above is true to the best of my knowledge. I will
* make it my earnest endeavor to discharge competently and carefully the duties you may be pleased to
* entrust with me.
* Date: Isham Singh
* Place: Signature

