# 18192_120_resume2022111616

## Contact Information



## Objective

* To secure a job which gives me a change to utilize my skills and talents to the best which helps me in obtaining a
* challenging position where opportunity for growth and overall personality development is ample by keeping the
* organization’s goals in mind.


## Experience

* > Working In Poonawalla Fincorp Limited (Formerly known as Magma Fincorp Ltd.) as Branch
* Operation & Accountant of ABF (Asset Based Finance) since January 2017.
* Joined Micro Lab. ltd as Medical Representative in April 2007 to March 2009 at Giridih responsible for
* Primary and Secondary sales of the territory.
* Joined Ravian pharmaceuticals Itd as Medical Representative in May 2009 at Madhubani responsible for
* Primary and Secondary sales of the territory till Sept 2011.
* Joined Nordic Formulation Pvt.Ltd. as TTE in Nov 2011 to Jan 2014.
* Joined Becure Pharmaceuticals Pvt.Ltd. as Sales officer in Feb 2014 to July 2016
* Joined Nano Healthcare Pvt. Ltd. as Medical Representative in Aug 2016 to December 16.


## Technical Qualification

* > Microsoft Office, Windows and Internet


## Academic Qualification

* > Bachelor in Science in Chemistry Hons in 2001


## Profile

* Father’s Name : Late Bhuwan Kant Jha
* DOB : 15/Feb/1981
* Gender : Male
* Marital Status : Married
* Mob : +91 9507500666
* Email Id : nordic.surya@gmail.com
* Hobbies : Singing & Traveling
* Language : Hindi, English & Maithli
* Address : Vill+Po- Koilakh Dist- Madhubani
* Declaration
* | do here by declare that the information furnished above is true and correct to the best of my knowledge.
* Signature

