# 18378_120_ajithkumarsp_resume2022111627

## Contact Information



## Ajithkumar S P

* Lilly Garden Flat
* Ground Floor,ITI Chenakkala Road
* HMT Colony P.O
* Kalamassery, Ernakulam Dist.
* Kerala, Pin 683503
* E-mail: ajithkumarsp@gmail.com
* Mob No: +919605771544
* Seeking a challenging Legal career with a dynamic and leading organization
* that would help me to cultivate and foster my skills to the fullest with a prospect
* to demonstrate my flair and become an asset to the organization. My aspiration
* is to help the organization achieve the highest standards of professionalism
* through my expertise and thereby achieve satisfaction and win global
* recognition.
* 1995 S.S.L.C from Board of Examination of Kerala State
* 1997-99 Pre-degree from Mahatma Gandhi University, Kottayam, Kerala
* 2006 B.A.LLB (Hons) Degree from Mahatma Gandhi University, Kottayam,
* Kerala
* e MS-Office,MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint
--- Page Break ---
* 1. Two years of experience as Legal Consultant and Practicing Lawyer with
* Shaji George and Associates under the Bar Council of Kerala and
* Appeared as Counsel before various District and Sessions Courts, in
* several Civil and Criminal Cases during the tenure.
* 2. Practiced before various quasi judicial authorities and Tribunals.
* 3. Client counseling, Legal assistance to Senior Advocates.


## Experience

* > Organization : M/s Poonawalla Fincorp Limited(formerly Known
* as Magma Fincorp Limited)
* > Duration
* : 21** August 2017 to till date.
* > Designation : Deputy Manager-Legal


## Profile

* legal recovery
* Handling cases by and against the company and
* > Products
* : Home loan, Loan against Property, Vehicle loan
* viz: All kind of new and used vehicles, & Business Loan.


## Responsibilities:-

* > To look after all the Legal cases filed against our Co. for all over
* Kerala.
* > Drafting and vetting MOU, Plaints, Written Statements, Version,
* Legal notices and Representation to different Govt. Bodies etc
* > Monitoring cases filed by and against the company in the various
* courts, Consumer forums in the different districts.
* > To handle all the criminal matters for all over the branches and to
* customers & others.
* protect our employees from all sort of criminal matters filed by
* > Responsible for Recovery/Collection from all NPA A/Cs of CV, CE,
* Mortgage, Securitisation etc. through legal initiation.
* > Initiate SARFAESI proceedings against the NPA customers and
* filing of Sec-14 petitions at courts.
* > Filing of specific cases like 156/3, 406, 420 IPC, Conducting Lok
* Adalats and Camp Conciliation etc.
--- Page Break ---
* > Also responsible for filing and monitoring the Execution Petitions of
* Arbitration awards before various District Courts in Kerala.
* > Work along with collection teams to recover the dues from NPA
* customers through legal intervention.
* > Attend police stations pertaining to various matters initiated by and
* against the company.
* > Maintenance of MIS of all legal cases
* > Monitoring cases filed against the company and filed by the
* company against the default clients in the various courts, Consumer
* forums in the different districts and states including Supreme Court.
* > In charge of vetting of petitions, written statements and other
* pleadings to be filed before the District courts and other various
* courts concerned.
* > Attending IGRP meetings (Investor Grievances Redressal Panel) at
* NSE/BSE/MCX exchanges for and on behalf of the company.
* > Filing of Arbitration cases at Arbitral tribunals in different
* exchanges.
* > Filing of specific cases like, Sec.9 Arbitration, and Sec 138 of N.I.
* Act etc...
* > Also responsible for filing and monitoring the execution petitions
* passed in favor of the company for enforcing Arbitration awards
* before various District Courts.
* > Attend police stations pertaining to various matters initiated by and
* against the company.
* > Monitoring cases filed against the company and filed by the
* company against the default customers in the various courts,
* Consumer forums in the different districts.
* > Filing of specific cases like 156/3, 406, 420 IPC and Sec 138 of
* N.I.Act, Conducting Lok Adalats and Camp Conciliation.
* > Also responsible for filing and monitoring the execution petitions
* passed in favor of the company for enforcing Arbitration awards
* before various District Courts..
* > Work along with recovery team to roll back or make resolution in
* NPA cases /higher bucket cases through legal intervention.
* > Attend police stations pertaining to various matters initiated by and
* against the company.
* > Monitoring cases filed against the company and filed by the
* company against the default customers in various courts, Consumer
* forums in the different districts.
* > Filing of specific cases like 156/3, 406, 420 IPC and Sec 138 of
* N.1I.Act, Conducting Lok Adalats and Camp Conciliation.
* > Also responsible for filing and monitoring the execution petitions
* passed in favor of the company for enforcing Arbitration awards
* before various District Courts..
* > Work along with collection teams to settle the chronic NPA cases
* through legal intervention.
* > Attending police stations pertaining to various matters initiated by
* and against the company.


## Accomplishment: -

* > Initiated cases against NPA, write off customers by using various
* legal tools on time to time.
* > Taken possession of several properties by initiating SARFAESI
* proceedings and made_ several property attachments/vehicle
* attachments by filing execution of Arbitration awards.
* > Settled several cases by initiating SARFAESI proceedings/execution


## Awards

* > Initiated legal actions against the default clients like Arbitration/138
* cases etc.
* > Achieved write off/short fall collections in time.
* > Organization : M/s Shriram City Union Finance Ltd
* 3
--- Page Break ---
* > Duration : 1% June 2009 to 31“ January 2012.
* > Designation : Officer-Legal
* > Job Profile : Handling cases by and against the company and legal
* recovery
* > Products : Vehicle loan viz: Two wheelers and used cars
* > Achieved write off/short fall collections


## Achievements

* > Winner of “Yodha PAN INDIA contest” for the final quarter of
* 2021-22.
* > Organization: M/s Inditrade Capital Limited (formerly known as
* JRG Securities Ltd.) is one of India’s leading financial services
* providers with strong presence in South India The main company,
* Inditrade Capital Limited is a BSE listed Company. The activities
* of the Companies in the Inditrade Group (Five Companies)
* including Non Banking Financial Company, Insurance Broking,
* Depository Participant, Stock trading and Commodities Trading.
* > Duration : from 21% October 2014 to 19 August 2017.
* > Designation : Deputy Manager-Legal
--- Page Break ---
* > Job Profile : Handling cases by and against the company and legal
* recovery
* > Products : Share/Commodity trading, NBFC/Finance, Insurance.
* > Recognized as exemplary performer for the financial year
* 2016 -17
--- Page Break ---
* > Organization : M/s Cholamandalam Investment and Finance
* Company Ltd
* > Duration : 1% February 2012 to 20" October 2014.
* > Designation : Process In-Charge Legal Coordination
* > Job Profile : Handling cases by and against the company and legal
* recovery
* > Products : Commercial Vehicle loan viz: All new and used heavy
* vehicles, four wheelers and above.


## Accomplishment:-

* > Handled Legal cases against the default clients.
* > Looking after all over South Indian states viz: Kerala, Tamil
* Nadu, Karnataka, Andra Pradesh and Talangana.
* > Made several property attachments by enforcing execution of
* > Looking after Legal cases against NPA, write off customers.
* > Looked after Pathanamthitta, Kottayam, Alappuzha and Idukki
* districts.
* > Made several property attachments by enforcing execution of
* > Handled Legal cases against NPA, write off customers.
* > Looked after Ernakulam, Kottayam, Alappuzha,Pathanamthitta and
* Idukki districts.
* > Made several property attachments by enforcing execution of


## Strengths

* e Excellent Communication skill to present points precisely and clearly
* ¢ Good problem-solving ability and analytic skill to solve the problem
* efficiently
--- Page Break ---
* ¢ Good team player and have excellent interaction skill to coordinate and
* work within a team
* e Iam motivated and enthusiastic by new challenges and tasks and take
* excellent approach to achieve success in all works.
* Name
* Age & Date of birth
* Sex
* Nationality
* Marital Status
* Permanent Address
* Present Address


## Declaration

* Ajith Kumar S P
* 42 yrs, 21-05-1980
* Male
* Indian
* Married
* Suprabhalayam H
* Thirumoolapuram P.O
* Thiruvalla
* Pathanamthitta (Dist)
* Kerala Pin 689115
* Lilly Garden Flat
* Ground Floor, ITI Chenakkala Road
* HMT Colony P.O
* Kalamassery
* Ernakulam Dist.
* Kerala, Pin 683503
* Malayalam, Tamil and English
* I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to
* my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-
* mentioned particulars.
* Place: Ernakulam
* Date: 16-11-2022
* Ajithkumar S P

