# 19089_121_resumepfl12022111624

## Contact Information



## Resume

* Rajesh Kumar Mishra MAILING ADDRESS
* Mob: +919934463004 & 6203195935
* E-mail- rajeshakour@gmail.com; S/o: - Sri Chandra Kr Mishra
* Y K Building, Sarna Toil
* Behind Ranchi College,
* Ranchi, Jharkhand
* Pin:-834008


## Objective

* To seek a motivating & challenging position in organization and be a part of creative group
* which would facilitate my creativity, and which would contribute towards the growth of
* organization as to make me grow as an individual.


## Currently Working: -

* Currently working in POONAWALLA FINCORP LTD (Formally name as MAGMA FINCORP LTD) as
* State Manager — Stock Management in Jharkhand & Central Bihar location from 04- Jan 2018 to till date.


## Activities: -

* e Visiting Yard audit & Stock audit.
* e Ensuring all legal presale & notice serve in schedule time frame.
* e Conducting Monthly online agency viz EDDIG, CAR DEKHO, CAR TRADE SAMIL & offline bidder /
* direct Customer & Dealers.
* e Co-ordination with state collection team and prepare auction list and conducting online agen-
* cies.
* Update monthly Seized and sold dossier reports send it to HO team.
* Ensuring quality and timely service to all online agencies & Bidder / customers.
* Team handling
* Managing relationships following the company guidelines for smooth job.


## Experience

* > IndusInd Bank Ltd (CV division) as a Branch Manager at Begusarai, Bihar . last working 27-
* 11-2017.
* (Starting from 2006 as Business Executive in IMFS a sister concern of IndusInd Bank , In 2011
* joined direct Roll to IndusInd bank — Total 11 year )


## Activities:-

--- Page Break ---
* V vy ® oeoeoeoeeoe eo @®
* Identifying the customer’s needs for CV loans & verifying the customer assets.
* Developing relationship with Dealers/Manufactures &customers to generate business from
* them.
* Conducting Monthly meetings with Customer & Dealers.
* Achieving sales & collection target.
* Update Daily MIS and other Daily Reports send it to team manager.
* Responsible for volume, quality business and customer satisfaction.
* Ensuring quality and timely service to all Dealers &customers.
* Team handling
* Collect revenues for the company as per the expectation
* Visiting chronic customers and follow-up with them for payment of loan.
* Managing relationships following the company guidelines for smooth collection from the hirer


## Education

* Graduation : - Bachelor of Commerce from WEST BENGAL UNIVERSITY KOKATA for 2001
* Intermediate : - H.S from WEST BENGAL BOARD KOLKATA for 1996
* Matriculation from :- BIHAR BORD PATNA for 1993.


## Language Known:-

* Hindi, English , Bengali and Regional language.


## Key Strengths:-

* Always positive, creative, goal oriented, fast learner hard working and optimistic with win
* instinct.


## Interest:-

* Gardening, Listening music, interacting with people.


## Personal Information:-

* Father’s Name ; Sri Chandra Kumar Mishra
* Mother’s Name Late Bijali Devi
* Date of Birth ; 05-02-1979
* Male
* Marital Status ; Married
* Nationality ; Indian


## Refrence

* Date :- 16/11/2022
* Place :- RANCHI, JHARKHAND
--- Page Break ---

