# 1resume_25_5_2022_14_48_13_160

## Contact Information



## : Rohit Nagesh

* My, SURYAWANSHI
* B.Tech. - Computer Science & Engineering


## Mit-Wpu - Mitaoe

* Premise Ph: +91-9923279371
* Email: rsuryawanshi@mitaoe.ac.in
* Omerga, Maharashtra, India - 413606
* q


## Summary

* Dedicated, Passionate individual with good knowledge of SQL, Excel and Data Analytics. Proven track record of consistently achieving
* organizational goals with good leadership experience in Product and Relationship team at Academic as well Corporate level.


## Skills

* Python SQL Tableau Excel Pyspark Product Management Data Visualization Product Analytics


## Education

* Dr. Vishwanath Karad MIT World Peace University (MIT-WPU) 2018 - 2022
* B.Tech. - Computer Science & Engineering - MITAOE | CGPA:9.14/ 10.00
* Rajarshi Shahu Mahavidyalaya Latur, Latur 2018
* 12'" | MSBSHSE | Percentage: 84.62 / 100.00
* Dr.K.D. Shendge English Medium School Omerga, Omerga 2016
* 10" | BSEMH | Percentage: 97.80 / 100.00


## Awards

* eo Receiving Scholarship of INR 30,000 every year from first year itself for performing well in Entrance exam by CM Scheme of Maharashtra
* eo Got Admitted to MIT Pune via TFWS Scholarship by which my 80% fees is paid by Government every year.


## Internships

* Internshala Nov. 20, 2020 - Present
* Product Analyst Intern
* Key Skills: SQL Tableau Python Management Leadership
* My role is to lead and manage the team of 1200 Student Ambassadors all over India for Internshala and act as a bridging gap between various
* Student Ambassadors and core Team. Working with Data generated on the servers, Producing insights with help of Python, SQL, TABLEAU. and
* work with close alliance of Senior Product team and act as bridging gap between Data and visualisation.
* Arbitrium Feb. 15, 2021 - March 31, 2021
* PMO Intern
* Key Skills: Strategic Planning Data and analysis Performance Management Program Management
* My role was to prepare the documents and strategic Planning related to the project, and collect and collate data to track the performance or efficiency
* along with Product Managers.


## Projects

* Rideshare- Ride made Easy Jan. 2, 2022 - April 12, 2022
* Mentor: Avinash Sir | Team Size: 3
* | had worked on Rideshare Interface; which was somehow similar to OIA CABS; just the thing is; in our case; vehicle would not be ours; we were
* acting just as an interface between various vehicle Owners and the common people. And in this case; Car owner and the common people need to
* register over the platform and based on their current location and need; Peers will be alloted.
* Handwritten-digit recognition using Machine learning Feb. 4, 2021 - April 22, 2021
* Mentor: Farhana Shaikh | Team Size: 3
* The handwritten digit recognition is the ability of computers to recognize human handwritten digits. and we had made use of CNN Architecture and
* GUI to take the input from user and predict the numbers accordingly. at last we got the result almost 96%. And concluded it with some results and
* statistics
* Virtual Plasma Bank Nov. 9, 2020 - Feb. 19, 2021
* Mentor: Farhana Shaikh | Team Size: 3
* We had created an interface that will help the patient as well as the hospitals to register over there to get easy access of Plasma's available nearby.
* and as we had made use of various API's over there; user can directly get the direction of the hospital from there and get his work done.


## Co-Curricular Activities

* oe Marketing Head of official Student Council
--- Page Break ---
* eo Executive Member of official Student Council
* o Placement Coordinator at MIT Pune
* eo Promoted to ISP Leader at Internshala whereby | am Leading and managing the team of 12000 Student Ambassadors all over India


## Interests

* eo Reading, Photography, Sports.
* eo Other - https:/Avww.linkedin.com/in/rohit-suryawanshi-


## Personal Details

* Gender: Male Date of Birth: Nov. 22, 2000
* Marital Status: Unmarried Known Languages: English, Hindi, Marathi
* Current Address: Beside Sri Ram Cinema Hall, Balaji Nagar, Matoshri Phone Numbers: +91-9923279371, +91-9145591306
* Nivas, Omerga, Maharashira, India - 413606
* Emails: rsuryawanshi@mitaoe.ac.in , rohitsuryawanshi2065@gmail.com

