# 20598_120_ratheeshcv2022111605

## Contact Information



## Accountant

* Email: ratheeshks96@ gmail.com
* Mobile: +91 94424 15136
* Scholastic Credentials


## B.Com It

* (2013 — 2016 Bharathiar University)
* Gudalur


## Personal Details

* FullName _ : Ratheesh Kumar. S
* Nationality _: Indian
* Passport No : N8099323
* Date of Birth : 19- 04-1996
* Marital Status: Single
* Linguistic Skill: English, Hindi, Tamil &
* Malayalam.


## Objective

* To move up my learning curve in an innovative driven organization and
* contribute significantly to the organization as well as to the society with
* my disciplined and proactive approach, which will help me in grooming
* my overall personality.
* “* Seeking a suitable role to utilize my abilities in pursuing a highly
* rewarding career and to achieve the organizational and personal
* goals with enthusiasm, devotion, headwork and social concern.


## Qualifications

* ,
* ¢¢ Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
* ,
* ¢* Strong interpersonal and customer service skills.
* ,


## Skills

* > Sound knowledge of handling accounting system.
* > Excellent ability to sort, check and verify number.
* > Strong ability to use Auto mated accounting system.
* > Unmatchable communication skills in written and verbal both.
* > Highly trustworthy, discreet and ethical.
* > Well versed with MS office (MS Word, MS Excel, MS Power point)


## Profile

* “* A detailed oriented professional with excellent knowledge of
* accounts possesses rich experience of 2+ years of experience in
* financial planning, analysis and accounting principles.
* ¢* Admirable capacity to improve and maximize overall business and
* financial function integration through effective communication
* processes.
* «* Experienced in keeping the records daily financial transactions and
* analysing the financial aspects of organization.
* ¢¢ Innovator with creative skills and experience to improve overall
* business processes.


## Experience

* Now working as OPS +ACCOUNTS IN POONAWALLA
* FIN COPR LTD company
* Since 2019
* Worked as OPERATION EXECUTIVE IN AM MOTORS
* company from 2016 to 2018(2 years)
--- Page Break ---


## Personal Information

* NAME : Ratheesh Kumar. S
* FATHER NAME : Suresh Kumar. R
* ADDRESS : 16/303, Kadavathu parambil (House),
* Puthur vayal, M.T.Nagar (post),
* Gudalur, The Nilgiri’s.


## Education

* Course Name of the|Name_ of _ the Score in percentage
* Institution University/ Board
* B.com IT Bharathiyar Bharathiyar 80%
* University, Gudalur | University
* H.S.E St. Thomas Higher | State Board 77%
* Secondary School,
* Gudalur
* S.S.L.C Government Higher | State Board 80%
* Secondary School,
* Gudalur
* Personal Qualities


## Major Responsibilities

* e Using automated accounting systems for data input and to obtain reports.
* e Responsible for maintaining accounting ledgers and performed accounting reconciliation.
* e Responsible for all administrative & Operations activities of branch
* e Maintaining the status of funds.
--- Page Break ---
* e Performing account analysis and account research.
* e Processing account transactions
* e Responsible for expenditure and collection transactions.


## Core Responsibilities

* «* Handling customer inquiries, researched problems and developed solutions.
* ¢* Maintaining records of payment information.
* ¢* Managing vendor accounts, generating weekly on demand cheques.
* “* Maintaining track records of company’s expenses.
* “* Assisting in carrying out company’s internal audit.
* ¢* Carrying out various banking functions like loans, online banking etc.
* Declaration
* Finally affirming that the particulars furnished above by me are true.

