# 20906_120_cvkuber2022111606

## Contact Information



## Kuber Singh Rawat

* #90/1,SEC -41 B,C hd-160036 Mob No. +9188476-55104
* E-mail: ksrawat.1008@ gmail.com


## Objective

* e To do my task with full dedication as a part of an organization with sincerity and be a learner


## Experience

* Mar-11 to Till Date Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. Chandigarh
* Designation: Deputy Manager Operations.
* Description — Having more than 10 Years of Rich Experience in Operations. Have good Knowledge in
* Retail Asset, Home Loan, LAP, Customer Service & Accounts.


## Profile

* e Ensuring Strict adherence with Service Standards.
* ¢ Develop, motivate & Support Direct reports to achieve Individual & Organization Objectives.
* e Manage the flow of day-to-day Operations.
* e Provide regular training to the team regarding policy changes.
* e Regular check, maintenance, and timely reporting of all defined MIS.
* e Ensuring the loan applications are processed accurately & completely as per the credit policies & operational
* procedures as per specified product programs & within TAT.
* March- 2010 To Feb-11 Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd. Chandigarh
* Designation - Executive
* e Quality check & punching of Retail Asset Products.
* e Ensuring error free files for disbursement.
--- Page Break ---
* e Coordination with sales team for any discrepancies in documents.
* e Coordination with Central Operations for smooth processing of files.
* e Working out and implementing strategies and processes towards development of quality of business.
* e Processing of vendor payments & Preparation of various MIS.
* Mar 2007- Apr 2009 . ICICI LOMBARD GEN.INSURANCE CO. LTD, Chandigarh
* Designation: Operations Executive
* e Quality checking & punching of Motor Insurance Policies.
* e Preparing MIS reports to provide feedback to top management.
* e Coordination with Central & Regional Processing hub for smooth movement of Policy Issuance.
* e Co-ordination with Sales Team for faster resolution of the pendency’s.


## Training

* e Interaction with A gent and Dealer.
* e Endorsement of policies.
* e Ensuring all process norms before the Policy Issuance.


## Academic Qualification

* e Graduation from DAV College Chandigarh (PU) in 2005.
* e 10+2 from CBSE Board, Uttarakhand in 2002.
* e 10" from CBSE Board, Uttarakhand in 2000.


## Computer Proficiency

* e Post Graduate Diploma In Computer Application From DAV College, Chandigarh (PU).
* e MS Office.
* e Configuration of E-mails & handling errors in mails.
--- Page Break ---


## Hobbies

* e Watching Sports, Listening to Music.


## Strength

* e Team Handling, Perseverance, Hardworking, Ability to work under pressure.


## Personal Details

* e Fathers Name Sh. Lal Singh Rawat
* e Date of Birth : 22™ May 1985
* e Marital Status Married


## Languages

* Date:-
* Place:-

