# 20915_120_resume_arijit2022111614

## Contact Information



## Arinjit Mukherjee

* Contact No:- +91 9830457885/7605888004
* E-Mail: - mukherjee.a@ poonawallafincorp.co.in/ arijitmukherjee1982@gmail.com
* Computer Skill: -
* 1. MS Word, Excel, Power point
* 2. ERP (Oracle9i) — Audit Module/Loan disbursement module (SME/BL, Home Loan)


## 3. Sap

* 4. Finn One — Loan Disbursement module for LAP/ML
* 5. Finacle


## Profile

* e Excellent Organizational Skill
* e Proven Time management skill, ability to meet given target & dead line.
* e Highly developed communicational & interpersonal skill.
* e Committed & dedicated team player.
* e Self motivated & able to implement new process & ways of working


## Summary

* Approx. 16 years’ experience in areas of Credit & Operations (Commercial Vehicles, Tractor,
* Construction Equipment, Car, Housing, SME/BL, LAP, ML).


## Present Organization

* Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd (Formally known as MAGMA FINCORP LIMITED) since March 2011 to till date
* in corporate Head Office as an Assistant Manager In LAP/ML disbursement team.


## Key Responsibilities

* e Disbursement of PFLLAP/ML & Co-lending partnership of UGRO Capital Ltd.
* e Checking quality of the physical file of LAP & ML product
* e Coordinating with the branch Operations regarding quality enhancement, case to case basis &
* giving them solutions. Following up with various branches for resolution of pending document &
* discrepancies.
* e Training the branch operations members for improvement of the quality for smooth loan
* disbursement process.
--- Page Break ---
* e Monitor the work against planned schedule.
* e Any deviation, changes of scope of delay to be analyzed & required reschedule (Action
* Recovery) to meet the target.
* e Pointing out the drawback of the ops & credit team at branch level for the improving the quality
* for smooth loan disbursement process.
* e Post disbursement activity like Cancel & Re-issue of the disbursement cheques, Loan
* cancellation, Sourcing agent modification, GST No. updation , Loan linking -delinking etc.
* e QCMIS publishing on weekly basis
* e Business MIS publishing on daily basis for PFL LAP/ML & Co-lending business.
* Previous Organization: -
* 1. Worked as marketing & Operations Executive at TATA MOTOR FINANCE LTD. From December
* 2006 to January 2008.
* 2. Worked as MSG (Marketing Support Group) at L&T Finance Ltd from February 2008 to August
* 2009
* 3. Worked as Sales Executive at L&T Finance Ltd form September 2009 to June 2010.
* Worked as sales Executive at HDFC Bank Ltd from July 2010 to Dec 2010


## Acadamic Qualification

* B.sc from Calcutta University


## Personal Details

* Father’s Name: Subodh Kumar Mukherjee
* Date of Birth: 024 August 1982
* Marital Status: Married
* Language Known: Bengali, Hindi & English
* Nationality: Indian
* Permanent Address: Flat No. 28, 4" floor , “Rohra Plaza”, J.C Ghosh sarani , Chinsurah Bus stand
* Hooghly — 712101.
* All the above information furnished by me is correct.

