# 20917_ResumeV220223337a4e9-5bfd-4917-8f64-152046c1baad

## Contact Information



## Sharmila Bhaduri

* Mobile: +91 9007822116
* Email: bhaduri.sharmila@gmail.com
* Secure a challenging position where one can effectively leverage on skillsets and contribute to
* the growth of the organisation as well as personal growth.


## Experience

* Currently Working with Magma Fincorp Ltd. as Deputy Manager, MIS Analytics
* Active involvement in maintaining information relating to performance of the organization, analysis and
* research, managing an extensive database and thereby assisting the management in providing
* information during Board Meetings, Executive Meetings.
* Overseeing pan India reports pertaining to Performance of Recovery personnel such as daily visit,
* collections, adherence etc.
* Facilitating generation and analysis of reports which serves as an effective source for tracking various
* trends and providing inputs for decision making in the areas of Target setting, FO performance, &
* Recovery
* Preparation and circulation of MIS relating to various parameters of Recovery such as targets,
* collections, non-deposited collections, receipt cancelation etc.
* Preparation of review files for various Executive meetings and Board meeting.
* Preparing reports for tracking the performance of NPA pool.
* Managing & warranting that the team is accountable for maintaining timelines
* Ensuring sanctity and accuracy of information so that specified goals of business are achieved.
* Liasoning and supervising reports relating to Magma’s endeavours in different projects such credit
* engine.
* Preparation of Portfolio Trackers : Credit Indicator, RC pendency etc.
* Asset Management: Maintain asset tracker to include & exclude assets as per current program.
* Resale Price Matrix: Prepare & control this matrix for used ABF segments.
* Dealer Lending Price Matrix: Compare with present market price of Tractor & last price was available at our end
* along with newly launched products.
* Mar ’12 to Jan’13 Magma Fincorp Ltd. - Senior Executive Marketing Support for BDU Pan India
* Single point of contact between the Product Managers of all the division and HO regarding the
* Channel Partners.
* Ensuring Channel Partners details like contact numbers, bank account details etc. Should be updated
* in the system. So that they can get updated information and their payouts on time.
* Follow up with the various departments for any Channel related issues.
* Keeping regular track of Channels performance.
* Facilitate in creation of customized offerings through understanding Channel Partner’s needs &
* profitability targets.
* Handling the account of some of the Key Channels Pan India in terms of sending gifts on their Birthday
* & Anniversary.
* Ensuring all the locations are getting banners, posters, brochures as and when required.
* Getting calendar and ensuring that all locations and states are covered, standees in dealerships.
* Manufacturer outreach
* Preparing proposals, agreements, and presentations
--- Page Break ---
* Jun ‘09 to Mar’12 Kodak India Pvt. Ltd. - Customer Support & Planning
* = Responsible for overall sales order processing activity which involves distributor management, sales
* forecast, inventory reporting- both at organization and distributor level for planning and execution of
* stock movement activities.
* » Maintaining a healthy relationship with existing customers while opening up fresh customers.
* Providing sales and administrative support involving efficient handling of top and confidential
* agreements,
* = _ Coordinating with vendors for getting estimates for sinages, banner, Poster for our customers.
* Preparing proposals, agreements, sales reports, and presentations.
* Apr 707 to May ’09- Bharti Airtel Ltd. as MIS (Risk & Credit)
* Handling the total backend process of new customer engagement policy involving welcome call and
* first bill call.
* = Capturing all requests & complains rose by customers in CRM while doing corporate welcome calls
* and resolving the same by coordinating with other concerned departments.
* » Ensuring quality and contactability within TAT for calls done by our outbound agents through regular
* updates on rate plans, telecalling scripts and practicing mock calls. Ensuring strict adherence to
* processes and closure of all escalations within turnaround time by other departments through proper
* coordination.
* October ’04 to March’07- Reliance Communications as Customer Care Executive
* = Handling all queries of walk-in customers in the web world express, and resolving them.
* « Uploading of CAF for postpaid and prepaid connections for activating services and also terminating
* customers’ service as per request.
* = Handling Verification process, fixing up credit limit on the basis of customer’s profile. Updating the
* same in the system.
* » Maintaining MIS on a regular basis by keeping a track of the entire above mentioned process and
* customer’s feedback.


## Skills

* « Strong familiarity with Microsoft office with intermediate to advanced Excel skills.
* « Ability to be flexible and learn on-the-job quickly, create documentation, and follow instructions.


## Academics

* Bachelors of Commerce (B.Com) from R.B.C Collage 2000- 2001
* (Affiliated to Calcutta University)
* Higher Secondary Certificate (H.S.C) from Kendriya Vidyalaya Airforce 1997- 1998
* (Affiliated to C.B.S.E)
* Secondary School Certificate (S.S.C) from Kendriya Vidyalaya Army Bkp 1995- 1996
* (Affiliated to C.B.S.E)


## Personal Details

* Date of Birth 30" March 1980
* Address 133 North Station Road Agarpara, Kolkata-700109


## References

* Marital Status : Married

