# 20997_121_anvarsadiqueresumeupdated171120212022111633

## Contact Information



## Anvar Sadique. K

* Mob. No: +91-8129604764
* Email: sadiqueanvar 12@gmail.com


## Objective

* To work in a field that offers professional and creative environment where | could utilize my potential
* of being a successful team player.


## Experience

* 1. Organization: Magma Fincorp Ltd.
* Designation : Senior Field Officer
* Period : August 2018 to till date


## Responsibilities

-Sales : Car/CV Loans
-Marketing
- Recovery
-Insurance Promotion
* 2. Organization: Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Co. Ltd.
* Designation :Sales Executive
* Period ‘June 2017 to July 2018
- Sales : Car/CV Loans
* 3. Organization: HDB Financial Services Ltd.
* Designation : Cash Collection Officer
* Period : January 2017 to June 2017
-- Recovery


## Education

* Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com.Co-operation)
* University of Calicut (48%) 2015
--- Page Break ---
* Plus Two
* Board of Higher Secondary Examination, Govt of Kerala (50%) 2012
* Secondary School Leaving Certificate
* Board of Public Examination, Govt of Kerala (68%) 2010


## Computer Proficiency

* CAT (Certified in Accounting Technician)
* Desktop Application with Visual Basic 6.0,C/C++
* Dos, Windows 9x/XP/
* MS Excel, MS Word, MS Outlook, HTML, Internet


## Personal Information

* Age & Date of Birth : 28 Yrs, 12-02-1993
* Sex : Male
* Religion & Caste: Islam, Muslim
* Marital Status : Married
* Languages Known : English, Hindi, Tamil and Malayalam
* Contact Number : +91-8129604764
* Email : sadiqueanvarl2@gmail.com
* Permanent Address : S/o. Kunhimuhammed
* Mullath house
* Poolamanna (Post), Pandikkad
* Malappuram (Dist)
* Kerala-679327


## References

* 1- Mr. Jayarajan Puthenveettil (Branch Manager, Magma Fincorp Ltd. Malappuram)
* Contact No: 09947660099
* 2- Mr. Abuthahir (Area Manager, Magma Fincorp Ltd. Malappuram)
* Contact No: 09633430000
* Declaration
* I hereby that the above mentioned details are correct and true to the best of my
* knowledge and belief.
* Place: ANVAR SADIQUE. K


## Date

--- Page Break ---

