# Amal Rajeev

## Contact Information

* Email ID : amal_rajeev@yahoo.com


## Objective

* To commit my effort, knowledge and experience to bring value addition to the organization of which | am
* a part of, and contribute to its growth together with achieving my personal goals.


## Experience

* 24-Sep-2018 till date
* Location Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd (Earlier known as Magma Fincorp Ltd)
* Ath Floor City Gallery, YMCA, Kannur Road Calicut-673001
* Kerala, India
* Job Title - Senior Executive- Branch Operations
* Description - Customer Service and Complaint handing
- Auto Loan disbursement and payment requisition processing
- Processing of SME Loans
- Cross selling
- Ensure loan disbursement on TAT
- Processing of serving request.
- Support all verticles for accomplishing the month on month target
- Maintaining record keeping, MIS preparation for audit adherence.
- Ensure Compliance & adherence to Government regulations.
- Banking of Cash/Cheques as per process.
- Ensuring cost control
--- Page Break ---
* 24-Jan-2011 to 28-Jan-2017
* Location Canara HSBC Oriental Bank Of Commerce Life Insurance Co Ltd
* Ath Floor V Zone Commercial Complex, Parayancheri, Calicut-673016
* Kerala, India
* Job Title - Senior Associate- Branch Operations
* Description - Branch Administration & Vendor Management
- To ensure the quality of new business proposals forms
- Team Management & motivation
- Processing of serving request.
- Maintaining Customer relationship
- Handling Customer Complaints
- Support sales for accomplishing the month on month target on issuance
* of the policy
- Conducting Training programs on KYC documents, Anti Money
* Laundering guidelines, Medical / Financial Underwriting, Proposal Form
* Filling to the Sales Managers & for Licensed Bank Staff.
- Maintaining record keeping, MIS preparation for audit adherence.
- Develop & maintain relationship with channel partner bank branches.
- Ensure Compliance & adherence to IRDAI regulations.
* 28-Jul-2008 to 20-Jan-2011
* Location Max New York Life Insurance Company Ltd
* 3th Floor Appu’s Complex, Narayana Nagar, Vadakara,
* Calicut-673101, Kerala, India
* Job Title - Accounts & Administration Executive-Branch Operations.
- Branch Premise Identification & Documentation verification
- Branch set up & Administration
- Vendor Management & ensuring timely payments to vendors
- Ensure Quality check of new business applications
- Receipting of Fresh applications & Renewal Premiums within the
* timelines as per set process.
- Banking of Cash/Cheques as per process.
- Preparation and monitoring of operating budgets.
- Ensuring cost control.
- Conducting Training programs on Anti Money Laundering
* guidelines, Medical / Financial Underwriting, Proposal Form filling
* to the financial planning advisors and sales managers.
- Maintaining Customer relationship.
- Ensure Compliance & adherence to IRDAI regulations.
--- Page Break ---
* 09-Dec-2004 to 25-Jul-2008
* Location V-Diamond Ltd
* Gurudev, Kamath Lane, Palayam Road,
* Calicut-673001, Kerala, India
* Job Title - Store In-Charge
* Description - Store Operations
- Sales Support and Accounting Procedures
- Managing branch administration activities and petty cash handling
- Preparing Sales Statements and Reconciliation of Stock and accounts.
- Preparing MIS on a daily basis.
- Documentation & Record Keeping of purchase and sales.
- Handling Show Room and Stock of Jewellery.
- Play major Role in Team Management of the Company
- Maintaining Customer Relation and Team Management.
* 11-Aug-2003 to 08-Dec-2004
* Location Venkatesh Naik Mohandas and Sons Ltd
* VNM Jellewers, Palayam Road,
* Calicut-673001, Kerala, India
* Job Title - Section Incharge & Accounts Executive
* Description - Material requirement planning, procurement and pricing
- Managing all sales and purchase related documentation
- Inventory Management.
- Preparing financial supply chain reports.
- Maintaining Customer Relation and Team Management
* Areas of Interest
* 6
* ¢ Administration
* Vendor Management
* Customer Relations
* Team Management
* e
* 6
* +
* ?,
* “~°
* ?,
* “~°


## Achievements

* o
* >,
* °
* Awarded with Bravo certificate from Canara HSBC OBC Life Insurance Co Ltd.
* Awarded with My Contribution Certificate from Max New York Life Insurance Co Ltd
* NCC B Certificate Holder
* Member of School Foot Ball Team
* e
* ?,
* “~°
* ?,
* “~°
* ?,
* “~°
--- Page Break ---
* Declaration
* | hereby declare that the above-mentioned facts are true and correct to the best of my knowledge
* and belief.
* Place: Calicut
* Date: 16-11-2022 Amal Rajeev

