# 23322_121_sanuresumenew2022111711

## Contact Information



## Sanu.V.P

* Phone - +91-9746061206(M),
* E-Mail : sanumohanpni@gmail.com.


## Objective

* A challenging career in an organization’ which utilizes my existing
* knowledge, which provides complete job satisfaction and an environment to establish
* myself as a professional, also an arenato improve creativity and a support to boost
* my capabilities


## Academic Qualifiations

* Y BACHELOR OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION from MiINorRITY
* ARTS AND SCIENCE College 2005-2008 (Affiliated to Calicut University) with First
* class.
* ¥ Passed HSE from Gov: Higher Secondary School, Edapal in 2005 with Second
* class.
* ¥ Passed S.S.L.C from Gov: High School, Thrikkavu in 2001 with Second class.


## Soft Ware Handling Proficiency

* v Excellent in working with Microsoft Windows 2000,XP,Vista,
* v Working Experience in Tally, MS-OFFICE 20038&2007softwares.


## Training

* ¥ Placement Training from KP OIL MILLS in Working Capital Management and
* Profitability position(2007)
--- Page Break ---


## Experience

* ¥ Worked as Cashier/Office Assistant in Edapal Hospitals Pvt. Ltd., from 1° May
* 2009 to 15 June 2013.
* ov Worked as a REFINANCE MoO in indusind bank Ltd.From 2015 to 2019
* ¥ Working as a Senior collection officer in Poonawalla fincorp Ltd.


## Sex : Male

* MARTIAL STATUS : Married
* PERMANENT ADDRESS : Vattaparambil, Velleri
* Ponnani (PO), Malapuram (DT),
* Kerala, 679577(Pin),
* India.
* E-Mail : sanumohanpni@gmail.com


## Languages

* PASSPORT NO : H0543272 {Date of Issue: 10-09-
* 2008}
* {Date of Expiry: 09-09-2018


## Declaration

* | hereby declare that the information furnished above is true and firm to my best of
* Knowledge.
* Yours Sincerely,


## (Sanu.V.P)

--- Page Break ---

