# 23627_120_resumeofpraveen2022111739

## Contact Information



## Praveen Kumar Manem.

* Mobile: 09848403885,9703186900.
* E-mail: Praveen.manem@gmail.com


## Objective

* As a graduate | am interested to be a part of successful firm, which provides a
* challenging career and gives me an opportunity to explore my abilities, where in my skills will
* enhance the firm’s success.


## Strengths

* e Positive attitude and enthusiastic in teamwork.
* e Ability to handle crunch situations and adapt to any environment.
* e Do hard work in any time.


## Academic Qualification

* Qualification Name of the institution
* University
* Percentage
* Sri Nagarjuna Degree
* B.SC(Computers) college,Miryalguda
* SriNagarjuna Jr _ college, Board of
* Intermediate Miryalguda intermediate
* Nalanda High School, Board of
* ssc Miryalguda Secondary


## Skills

--- Page Break ---


## Achievements

* v¥ Won prizes in School competitions in QUIZ
* Y Active participation and organizing cultural events in working organizations.


## Experience

* ¥ Working from 07.10.2012 to 31.04.2017 at Office of Supt of Central Excise
* and Customs, Miryalguda as D.E.O ( 5 Years And 6 Months as a Office Asst
* and also doing data Entry Work).
* ¥ Working in TATA MOTORS FINANCE office as AP & AP2 State Co-ordinator
* from 05.05.2017 to 05-07-2018.
* ¥ Working in Viswanath & Co Law firm as a Co-ordinator from 06.07.2018 to
* 09.03.2019.
* Vv Presently working in Poonawalla Fincorp Limited (formerly Known as
* Magma Fincorp Limited) as a Ap & Ts Co-ordinator from 10.03.2019 to till
* date.


## Key Rolls

* e In Central Excise & Service Tax play roll of doing all Service tax Works of
* ST-Registration to Fill ST-Returns.
* e In Tata Motors Finance Play roll of All File Logins, File check for ready to
* Disbursement & Follow-up of MIS Daily Reports for Refinance.
* e In Viswanath & Co Law firm Play roll of Legal coordinator (filing Execution
* Petition, Update MIS and coordinate with our Advocates.)
* e In Poonawalla Fincorp Limited (formerly Known as Magma Fincorp Limited)
* Play roll of Ap & Ts States Legal coordinator (filing Execution Petition,
* Update all Legal MIS from Local & HO Legal Departments and coordinate
* with State legal team , as well as HO legal team.)


## Personal Details

* Name : PRAVEEN KUMAR M
* Date Of Birth : 29-06-1990
* Nationality : Indian.


## Languages

* Address : H.no:- 10-41, Keshava Nagar colony, VT Palem(V)
* Miryalguda (M),Nalgonda(Dist).
--- Page Break ---


## Declaration

* | hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge
* and belief.
* Place : Signature
* Date : PRAVEEN KUMAR M

