# 23639_120_resumeupdated2022112206

## Contact Information



## Suvojit Ganguly

* Manager Operation


## Skills

* — Result oriented Manager with 3.5 Years of experience as manager of
* Central Recovery & Legal Operation managing a 20+ member team, 6+
* Years as Manager of Central Operations Project & Quality team, 4 Years
* acting as Senior Executive in Trade Services Operation & Net Banking
* Implementation and 2.5 Years acting as Consultant for Finacle Core
* Banking Implementation and Loan Disbursement Executive.
* BFSI — Retail Asset & Receivable
* Operation, Recovery and Legal
* Operation for 16 Years.
* High Negotiation skill
* Ability to work in dynamic
* environment Vaiae Cross
* Pe 6 § Within 4 Years reduced team size by 30% performing similar volume
* SO through productivity enhancement and process improvement.
* Cl oe e §$Yearly savings of 43 Lakh through Rate Negotiation with vendors and
* Analytical Insights & Presentation process modification.
* eau ne e Nil Audit observation (Both Internal & External) in 4 years.
* Manage Process, Risk to Improve
* Rc © Received Catalyst Award in FY 22-23.
* meter] ecm e Received Annual Excellence Award FY 16-17 for Operation -Back office.
* Implementation, BRD & UAT.
* §=Manager- Legal Operation with Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd (Formerly
* service level agreement / KPI for Magma Fincorp Ltd), Apr’19 - Present
* MN le ecole Leading Central Recovery and Legal Operation -
* Departmental Budgeting &Billing.
* Large Team Management, Role & Performance Areas
* Productivity enhancement


## Training

* Ror fel latte Analyse monthly collection report data to propose Legal / Recovery step
* requirement in default customer and monitor status progress. Managing
* EDUCATION: Recovery Notices and Legal Process Initiation for fresh default loans,
* Cheque banking and Filing of Sec 138 proceeding,
* MBA, Major Finance (Part Time)
* from Sikkim Manipal University Process & TAT Improvement: Implement automation of manual
* with Grade A (75.65%), processes through system upgradation or Excel Macro for enhanced
* BSc, Economics (H) from productivity, accuracy, improvement of TAT,
* OTA eT ine mera MAC NLULKe ye
* College) with 50.5%, MIS & Analytical Insights: Owner of Legal status updation in Oracle
* Higher Secondary, Science and Analytical presentations for MD, CRM, Collection and Legal Head
* stream from W.B.C.H.S.E. with reviews and Ad hoc requirements with respect to Legal & Recovery
* rw strategy, special target to performance initiatives.
* Secondary, from W.B.B.S.E. Circulate actionable summaries for Pan India Legal team to follow
* 83.75%, Stood 2nd in the Block. throughout the month and monitor progress.
* Certificate in Trade Finance (CTF)
* TOMS | oeulk Customer Communication Management: Played pivotal role in
* PIMA TecaT Tt eset the project for integration of oracle based report and WhatsApp / SMS
* ROGET eT tote portal to manage bulk monthly customer communication process.
* Institute of Computer Project Management and System Implementation; Manage BRD,
* Accountants (ICA), SOP, UAT completion for System Implementation and updation.
* Page 1
--- Page Break ---


## Awards

* 1. Catalyst Award in FY 2223 from
* ae
* 2. Received Annual Excellence Award
* FY 16-17 for Operation —Back office at


## Ctc, Notice Period

* Ol aa-1 CLL OPRIUU)
* Notice Period 3 Months
* Date of Birth 24-02-1981


## Contact

* Mobile: 9051839771


## Email

* suvojitganguly81@gmail.com
* suvojit_ganguly@rediffmail.com


## Departmental Performance Monitoring

* Prepare yearly KPI parameters, present to Sr. Management and get the
* same approved and manage performance measurement of internal
* teams through approved KPI based parameters and recommend for
* monthly / quarterly / yearly incentive.
* Manage performance of external vendors through such KPI based
* parameters and allocate task assignments accordingly,
* Audit & Compliance: FPR to handle all forms of Internal & External
* Audit (Financial / Risk / Process) related to receivable management
* operations and resolve queries by ensuring adherence to Process, Policy
* and Compliance through continuous monitoring.


## B Pr Ration And A | Expense Man Ment

* Owner of overall departmental expense processing with due diligence.
* Formulate and finalise annual departmental budget for National Head
* and Chief Receivable Manger approval, manage actual annual expense
* within the budget through month wise projections,
* FPR for escalation resolution, cost minimisation through process
* improvement and negotiation with external vendors, maintenance of all
* expense related compliance parameters.
* Team Management: Managing 20+ members team taking care of
* improvement in Productivity through Training, Learning Logical
* interpretations, Performance linked Appraisal.
* Dispatch & Storage Management: Managing preparation of legal files,
* receiving of legal instruments, repossession documents and all related
* bulk high volume dispatch and external vendors involved.
* Key Result Areas
* e Rate negotiation with vendors — Annual savings of 11 Lakh,
* e Created Excel Macro for Regular Activities -— Saved Man-
* days to process higher volume with 2 less manpower
* e Changed document dispatch mode-Annual saving of 32 Lakh,
* e NIL External or Internal Audit observation
* e Project — Headed technical and non technical projects
* All above led to 110% performance bonus even in Covid hit FY 20-21
* Manager-Operation with SREI Equipment Finance Ltd, Jan’13 -
* Mar’19
* Leading Quality, Project & CRM team of 7 member -
* Key Result Areas
* Data Analysis & MIS: Being Data Analysis & MIS Manager for COO
* & National Head- Operations managed Decision making
* presentations for Annual / Quarterly Reviews by MD/CEO/COO covering
* Strategic Planning on Business Support, TAT, Quality, Risk & Process,
* Business Volume Growth Trend vs. Manpower Productivity, Future
* Projections, Cost of Acquisition & Maintenance, Branch Viability etc. for
* 5 years,
* Created Macro, Slicer based routine Dashboards for Readily Available
* Analytics for senior managers and save Man Days spent on repetitive
* routine tasks,
* Page 2
--- Page Break ---
* System Implementation & Project Management: Played functional
* consultant role in multiple technical and non-technical projects to work
* closely with HODs and team across functions Business, Collection,
* Insurance, Credit, and Operation in gathering their requirement and
* translate the same into BRD for technical team.
* Completed Functional and User Acceptance Testing & Documented to get
* bugs fixed for final implementation & feature addition. Prepared
* animated training manuals to conduct training for stakeholders,
* e Functional Implementation of Newgen- LOS,
* e Designed and Implemented Service Request Tracking System
* (SRTS) and Disbursement Tracking System (DTS) for major functions
* (OPS & Credit, Recovery, Customer Service, Legal).
* e Formulated CRM Structure, Data structure, Calling Quality & Risk
* monitoring to Setup Company’s First External Collection Call Centre,
* Performance Management: Developed & Implemented KPIs in the
* form of Balanced Scorecard for Entire OPS Dept. inclusive of Regional
* Operation Head, Branch Ops, Central Operation to ensure efficient
* employee and unit evaluation of Booking and Disbursement Quality, TAT,
* Compliance, Target Achievement,


## Compliance, Quality & Tat Management

* Increase Straight Through Processing (STP) by tracking daily Loan
* Booking Exception & correction,
* Monitored PDD, PSL document, RC collection, Repayment Instrument
* Submission / Discrepancy Resolution and highlighted the risk to get the
* same sorted. Monitor end to end Disbursement TAT for improvement,
* Process Improvement: Managed Process Reengineering through
* Process Flow Analysis, revised SOP preparation and implementation of
* changes in liaison with HODs across Functions incorporating IT Team and
* external vendors
* Customer Service Management; Documented SOP ffor entire
* Customer Relationship Management, Field Investigation & Welcome
* Letter Management process,
* Sr. Executive, Internet Trade Services (HSBCnet)
* Implementation (East India) with HSBC (Third Party payroll),
* Nov’08 —- Dec’12
* e Responsible for Electronic Trade Services Implementation for
* Corporate Clients in Eastern India (Handled large corporates as ITC,
* Aditya Birla, TATA etc.),
* e Present Product feature and Business Impact Analysis to
* Corporate Clients as Presales consultant and get necessary
* Documentation executed,
* e Publish Client profile & Requirement analysis report to Sr.
* Managers, Product & Technical team,
* e Publish monthly Dashboard reports, MIS, User Manual PPT and
* Process Notes.
* e Functional support on Online Trade Service Transaction (LC
* Application, Amendment, Import/Export Bill Payment, Advising, PCFC /
* Packing credit facility application etc.),
* Consultant -Finacle Core Banking Implementation with Onward e
* Services Ltd., Jun’07 -— Nov’08
* Operations Executive, Retail Asset Operation Group, ICICI HOME
* FINANCE LTD, Feb’06 —- Jun’07
* Page 3

