# 23850_120_pradeepmoreresume2022112223

## Contact Information



## Address

* Nakshatra CHS,
* Flat no. 201, 2° floor,
* Sector 20, plot no, 2 & 3,
* Navi Mumbai,
* Kamothe 410209.
* Mobile: +91- 9920164610
* Email: — pradeepmore7687@gamil.com


## Objective

* Want to be in a challenging and rewarding position, where my technical skill,
* experience and positive attitude can be constructively utilized...


## Overview

* Commitment and reliability.
* Willingness to go “Extra Miles.
* Proven approach


## Skills

* Excellent observational, analytical and error detection abilities
* Ability to communicate and coordinate with team heads, juniors and associates
* Highly skillful at multitasking and undertaking responsibilities
* Preparation of report on daily, monthly basis
* Report the irregularities observed
* " Working in Finacle, DPM & BOSS Software of Banks.
* « MS-Office 2007 (word, internet, Excel)
* # = Tally.ERP 9 (T-FAP From Yesh Computer Institute)
* = Working in finone business application.


## Career Contour

* Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. April 2019 to till date,
* As Regnal Operation Manage from April 2022. April 2019 to Mar 2022 Assistant
* Manager TL


## Responsibilities

* Handling team with Ops and Account activity in Maharashtra, responsible for
* all activity Cash counter, POC, LAP, Auto loan & BIL.
* Take care of smooth flow disbursement all products daily basis.
* Monitor the MIS dispatch files, legal folder, repayment Kit on daily basis.
* Monitor audit query and timely resolution to all auditors.
* Monitoring daily cash deposited in branches to avoid the cash manipulation.
* Publish MIS on daily basis for west zone and follow for the same.
* Monitoring branch level activity, escalation related to customer, cash counter
* management, branch login files and process the same.
* Co-coordinating with sale team and Auditor.
* Visiting to branch for surprise audit at branch level activity monitoring.
* Follow TAT and process related activity.
--- Page Break ---
* Aspire Home finance LTD. Jan 2015 to April 2019.
* Sr. Execute
* » Checking files at disbursement stage with all KYC and original property papers.
* =» Co-ordinate with auditor solving queries, compliance.
* =" Responsible for all customer service issues.
* » Checking closer document, PDD document.
* » Tracking MIS of files.
* » Handling Record Management Unit of Pan India level.
* = Co-ordinate with Branches.
* » Handling third party staff.
* » Handling customer escalation / MIS reports.
* Standard Chartered Bank. Oct 2012 to Nov 2014.
* Operation Officer
* =» Doing reconciliation on daily basis (All suspense account) all Home Loan,
* Personal Loan and all field collection.
* =» Personal loan disbursement at LPU stage with all required document as per
* process.
* " Doing Refund process of Home Loan.
* = Home Loan disbursement at LPU stage with all required document as per
* process.
* » Doing Uncashed Pay orders details.
* " Doing MIS Daily basis.
* » Dispatched the letter to customer or pay order
* NMAH & Associate. May 2012 to Sep 2012
* Audit Assistant
* » Auditing Letter of credit, bill guaranty, bill of exchange and export import
* document
* M. P. CHITALE & CO., January 2011 to April 2012
* Audit Assistant
* » Checking Verifying DP (Dmat) account opening form with all KYC document.
* (Individual & non-Individual)
* " Verifying modification and Keeping proper record.
* " Verifying Dis requisition coordinating with depository participant relating
* queries.
--- Page Break ---
* Verifying and keeping record of execution.
* Physically Verification of Stock & Stationary of the Banks.
* Checking Account opening forms & KYC norms.
* See rectification of reported points.
* Couplet audit of Trade & Finance department of kotak Mahindra Bank.
* Verifying the Loan With all Documents.
* Verifying the Inland Latter of Credit.
* Verifying the Bill Discounting With Invoice.
* Checking certification of Mutual Funds.
* Checking of Bank Guarantee.


## Scholastics

* »# 2010 Second Class BACHELOR OF COMMERCE
* »# 2006 Second Class H.S.C.
* # 2005 First Class S.S. C.


## Professional Enhancement

* = Government Diploma in Co-Operative Audits (G.D.C.and A.)


## Personal Vitae

* Date of Birth : June 07, 1987
* Sex : Male
* Marital Status : Married
* Nationality : Indian


## Languages

* Permanent Address : Nakshatra CSH, Sec 20, Plot no.2&3,
* Near Matoshri Hospital, Kamothe,
* Navi Mumbai 410209.


## Declaration

* I undersigned, declare that the above information is true as the best of my knowledge.

