# 24123_121_resume_anilkumar32022112054

## Contact Information



## Anil Kumar

* Mobile: 09258048444
* E- mail: nlsrivastav30@gmail.com


## Objective

* Seeking managerial assignments in Operations / Business Development / Relationship Management with an organisation of high
* repute in Banking/ Financial Service industry.
* Oo oO DO OO O


## Profile

* Over 9.5 years of rich experience in Business Development, Operations and Collection in Banking/ Financial Service Sec-
* tor.
* Last working with Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd., Bareilly, UP as Collection Manager (CV/CE/TRL & PC).
* Expertise in managing branch operations, collection and implementing strategies towards enhancing market penetration,
* business volumes and growth with collection.
* Extensive experience in managing all aspects of Claims of various product portfolios and providing leadership to Branch
* operations.
* Proficiency in customer service operations for rendering and achieving quality services with the ability to support and sus-
* tain a positive work environment that fosters team performance.
* Possess excellent interpersonal, communication and organisational skills with proven abilities in training & development,
* customer relationship management and planning.
* Core Competencies
* Business Development
* Conceptualising and implementing competent business strategies to market a wide range wide range of banking and
* achieve pre-set sales and profit targets.
* Exploring potential business avenues to penetrate new accounts and expand existing clientele; negotiating and finalising
* terms.
* Appointing and monitoring the performance of marketing personnel / agents to ensure efficiency in sales operations and
* meeting of revenue and collection norms.
* Client Relationship Management
* Identifying and networking with prospective clients, generating business from the existing accounts and achieving prof-
* itability and increased sales growth.
* Building and maintaining healthy business relations with high net worth and corporate clients, ensuring high customer sat-
* isfaction matrices by achieving delivery & service quality norms.
* Handling customer centric banking operations & ensuring satisfaction by achieving delivery & service quality norms.
* Interacting directly with clients and redress queries & issues to their optimum satisfaction & resolving crucial and long
* pending complaints at the branch involving close interaction with HO.
* Insurance Claims
* Managing activities pertaining to issuance of policy documents. Performing claim procedures involving assessment of the
* validity of claims and processing of applications in compliance with the regulatory requirements.
* Carrying out insurance claims, reassessing them regularly & making recommendations for the settlement of claims.
* Team Management
* Managing & monitoring the performance of team members to ensure efficiency and meeting of individual & group tar-
* gets.
* Determining training needs of associates and conducting suitable training programmes to enhance their operational effi-
* ciency leading to increased productivity.
* Providing direction & motivation to the field collection team for ensuring optimum performance.
--- Page Break ---


## Experience

* 13 May 2019 to till date with Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd., Bareilly, as Collection Manager (CV/CE/TRL & PC).
* Role & Responsibilities;
* ¥ Handling collection (60+ - 450 Bucket) looking after from Bareilly area office.
* ¥ Managing around 6 SRCs Staff of Bareilly Area office.
* v¥ Responsible for the entire Collection Portfolio of commercial vehicle (CV/CE/TRL & PC) .
* ¥ Coordinating with Repo agents, for repo the delinquent customer vehicle.
* ¥ Personal visit on Group and High Value Accounts.
* ¥ Identifying & recruiting manpower / vendors & imparting training to new team members on all aspects of Collection
* including Field collections / Legal / Repossessions / MIS maintenance, etc
* ¥ Settle the cases as per company policy.
* ¥ Reporting to the Area Collection Manager
* 28 Sep 2015 to 01 Feb 2019 with HDB Financial Services Ltd., Bareilly, UP as Collection Manager (CV/CE).
* Role & Responsibilities;
* Handling collection (X to write-off Bucket) looking after 5 branches from Bareilly area office.
* Managing around 10 COs and 2 CAs Staff of Bareilly Area office.
* Responsible for the entire Collection Portfolio of all branches of commercial vehicle (HCV, LCV & PC) .
* Coordinating with Repo agents, for repo the delinquent customer vehicle.
* Personal visit on Group and High Value Accounts.
* Identifying & recruiting manpower / vendors & imparting training to new team members on all aspects of Collection
* including Field collections / Legal / Repossessions / MIS maintenance, etc
* Settle the cases as per company policy.
* Reporting to the Area Collection Manager


## \ Xn

* 14 Feb 2014 to Aug 2015 Date With Chola Mandalam Investment & Finance Ltd., Bareilly, UP as BRM
* (Collection).
* Role & Responsibilities;
* Handling soft bucket collection (X to 91-120 Bucket) looking after 3 branchesU from Bareilly area office.
* Managing around 02 Agencies, and 25 Off-Rolls Staff of Bareilly Area office.
* Responsible for the entire Collection Portfolio of all branches of commercial vehicle (HCV, LCV & PC).
* Coordinating with Repo agents, for repo the soft bucket vehicle.
* Responsible for achieving Cross Sales target through lead generation.
* Responsible for achieving Motor Insurance target.
* Personal visit on Group and High Value Accounts.
* Identifying & recruiting manpower / vendors & imparting training to new team members on all aspects of Collection
* including Field collections / Legal / Repossessions / MIS maintenance, etc
* Settle the cases as per company policy.
* Reporting to the Zonal Receivable Collection Manager
* Feb 2010 to Jan 2014 With Tata Motors Finance Ltd., Bareilly, UP as Executive Legal (Collection).
* Role & Responsibilities;
* ¥ Handling Profile of more than Hundred Cases (CV & pc) as LSA, TMC & 23 + Cases, in Bareilly, Rampur & Moradabad
* Locations.
* Coordinating with Repo agents, for repo the higher bucket vehicle.
* Issue LRN & Legal Notices Filing Suits of Sec 138 of N. I. Act.
* Conducted Lok Adalat at Various Locations on the Behalf of Company & settle the cases as per company policy.
* Filing Cases against highly defaulted u/s 156-3 of Cr.P.C.taking receiver Order u/s 9 of Arbitration Act.
* Liasioning with the Dealers, DSA and Customer for resolutions of NPA.
* Prepared all kinds of reports (Daily MIS, Awareness calling report, Skip report, Legal report & etc).


## Ka Akan

* August 2008 to Jan 2010 With SHRIRAM Transport Finance co., Bareilly, UP as Executive Credit Risk.
* Role & Responsibilities;
* Dealt with delinquent customers of STFC of collections at Bareilly, Haldwani.
* Coordinating with Repo agents, for repo the higher bucket vehicle.
* Issue LRN & Legal Notices Filing Suits of Sec 138 of N. I. Act.
* Meeting with high provision customers for resolutions of the NPA Provisions.
* Prepared all kinds of reports (Daily MIS, Awareness calling report, Skip report, Legal report & etc).


## Ren

--- Page Break ---


## Skills

* =» Well versed with Office Automation & Internet Applications.
* Academic Credentials
*¢ MBA from Punjab Technical University, Punjab in 2010.
** PGDCA from Govt. Polytechnic Narender Nagar (T.G), Conducted by U.P. Technical Board, Lucknow in 2002.
* “¢ B.Com from MJP Rohilkhand University, Bareilly (UP) in 2000.


## Personal Details

* Address : 808, Subhash Nagar, Bareilly (UP) 243001
* Telephone : 09258048444
* Date of Birth : March 14, 1978


## References

* > Rajeev Mahendru , Regional Manager, S K Finance, Dehradun, (U.K) 08191901901.
* > Kapil Kumar Singh, Auto Mall Manager, Sriram Auto Mall, Garhmukteshwar, (U.P) 09412291272.

