# 24567_121_bagyarajresume2022111856

## Contact Information



## Bhagyaraj. R

* Mob. No: +91-9074268658
* Email: unni.pk457@gmail.com


## Objective

* To work in a field that offers professional and creative environment where | could utilize my potential
* of being a successful team player.


## Experience

* 1. Organization: Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd.
* Designation : Senoir Executive
* Period : July 2019 to Present
* 2. Organisation: TVS Credits And Services Ltd.
* Designation : Recovery Executive
* Period : March 2016 to July 2019


## Education

* Plus Two
* Board of Higher Secondary Examination, Govt of Kerala (52%) 2006
* Secondary School Leaving Certificate
* Board of Public Examination, Govt of Kerala (50%) 2004


## Computer Proficiency

* Desktop Application with Visual Basic 6.0,C/C++
* Dos, Windows 9x/XP/
* MS Excel, MS Word, MS Outlook, HTML
--- Page Break ---


## Age & Date Of Birth 

* Sex
* Religion & Caste
* Marital Status


## Languages

* Contact Number
* Email


## References

* 34 Yrs, 14-05-1988
* Male
* Hindu, Nair
* Married
* English, Hindi, Tamil and Malayalam
* +91-9074268658
* unni.pk457@gmail.com
* S/o. Chandrasekharan.R
* Thanikkal house
* Thrikkalangode (Post)
* Malappuram (Dist)
* Kerala-676123
* 1- Mr. Pramod. K (Collection Manager, Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. Malappuram Branch)
* Contact No: 08086558964
* 2- Mr. Sunilkumar (Recovery Manager, Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. Malappuram Branch)
* Malappuram)
* Contact No: 09947357525
* Declaration
* I hereby that the above mentioned details are correct and true to the best of my
* knowledge and belief.


## Date

* Bhagyaraj. R

