# 24679_120_cv2022111610

## Contact Information



## Srimanta Kar

* Mobile: 09836076335
* Email: srimantakar15@gmail.com
* Career Aspiration
* Now looking for more challenging responsibility, where | can use my skill better and contribute
* towards organization’s growth.
* Professional Abridgement
* A result oriented professional with above 7 yrs. of rich experience of Charteded
* Firm & Broking firm each and 15 yrs.of rich experience Finance & Insurance


## Industry In The Areas Of

* Maintain of Cash, Individual & Company accounts
* Customer service delivery
* Customer service assurance
* Handing online Trading with CSE & NSE
* Control customer share dealing accounts
* Reconcile of Customer Accounts
* Control of back office Insurance for captive biz with NICL,OICL.Royal,ICICl
* Lombard,Reliance,Bajaj & Magma HDI
* Control of back’ office Insurance’ for  non-captive biz with
* NICL,OICL.Royal,ICICI Lombard,Reliance,Bajaj & Magma HDI
* Maintained Control Sheet for the Insurance Biz
* Reconcile their commissions and Payout released of Magma HDI
* Reconcile Cash Deposit(CD) A/c of every companies of Magma HDI
* Prepared MIS for Insurance Policies & collection
* >
* >
* >
* >
* >
* >
* >
* >
* >
* >
* >
* >
* >
* Proficiency Forte
* >Escalation of retail customers
* >Coordination & follow-up towards the customer for 90% within
* Organizational’ Experience and value addition through profit maximization of
* The organization.
* S K KANODIA & ASSOCIATES, Chartered Accountant -
* Accountant (January 1991 to 1997.)


## Role

--- Page Break ---
* >Handling Cash & Petty Cash Account.
* >Handling Bank transactions Day to Day and maintenance Bank accounts.
* >Maintaining the accounts of Individual & Companies.
* >Finalised the Individuals account and Companies accounts.
* >interest follow up target meeting up to 100% every month.
* MAGMA SECURITIES LTD.(Accounts Assistant) September 1997 to
* August 2004.
* > Running Terminal of CSE & NSE.
* > Managing the retail customers and their accounts.
* > Handling Cash & Bank Account
* >Relation Buildup With high value customers.
* Insurance Advance Funding(Cash Deposit) to Insurance companies like Reliance,
* Royal,NICL,OICL,ICICI Lombard,United India, MagmaHDI General Insurance etc for motor
* business cases from MFL,Magma ITL,Magma Housing Finance.
* Insurance Advance Funding for Magma Housing and Loan Surakha cases to Kotak Life, HDFC
* Life,ICICI Life. Magma HDI General Insurance from MFL,Magma ITL,Magma Housing Finance.
* Maintenance Control Sheet for the same.
* Updated all the Insurance policy conversion datas in system to the respective customer
* accounts.
* Release Insurance payout to the customers
* Reconciliation all the above CD a/c(Cash Deposit),sundry Creditors a/c monthwise.
* Prepare Insurance Business MIS for motor business ,MIS for Insurance collection , MIS for Life
* biz and Life collection cases.
* Reconcile Insurance Commission with Magma HDI and Prepare GST Invoice
* GST Invoices creation and their entries in the books
* Handling and checking files and documents of business loan.
* Prepared inter Companies reconciliations
* Released DSA payout of Magma HDI
--- Page Break ---
* Reconciliation DAS Accounts of Magma HDI
* Case closure in CCA & LMS
* Refund TDS ,Excess EMI,Insurance & Excess closure amount
* Rectifications & adjustment etc
* Scholastics
* ICWAI (Inter) from ICWAI in 1993
* B.Com (Honours) from Calcutta University in 1988
* H.S from WBCHSE in 1985
* Madhyamik from West Bengal Board In 1983


## Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd(Magma  Fincorp  Ltd)

* (Assistant Manager) August 2004 to 2019 &2020 onward
* MAGMA HDI GENERAL INAURANCE CO (Assistant Manager) 2019-2020


## Profile

* Date of Birth : 11"January 1968
* Address : “Sharanya”, Narendrapur Station Road,Kadarat, P.O- Ram Krishna Pally
* Kolkata, W.B. — 700 150
* Father’s Name : - LateSri Ananta Kumar Kar
* Material Status _—_:- Married
* Present salary : - 6.06 lakh per annum

