# Resume

## Contact Information



## Shankar Kumar Permanent Address

* Email: 13k hank ‘L. c/o- Raj Kumar Sah
* mal umarshankar@ gmail.com Bakerganj, Laheriasarai,
* Contact no. : 08920789139 Darbhanga, Bihar-846001
* Objective: To obtain a position in the field of Industrial Automation & Energy Sectors that will utilize
* my Technical, Managerial and Creative problem solving skills to achieve optimum utilization
* of its resources and to benefit mutual growth and success.


## Employment

* Currently Working as a Manager (Windmill Division) in Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd, Bangalore since Sept-19.
* Poonawalla Fincorp Limited (formerly known as Magma Fincorp Ltd) is a Pune based non-banking
* financial company registered with the Reserve Bank of India as an Asset Finance Company with registered
* office in Kolkata. The company operates more than 295 branches in 22 states and a union territory and has a
* strong presence in rural and semi-rural India.
* PFL has total of 17.45 MW of wind power project installed in MP, Rajasthan, Maharashtra and Karnataka
* state of India.
* Lob Description
* Monitoring the performance of all the windmills.
* Recording the daily generation, machine availability, grid availability, machine breakdowns.
* Data Base Management.
* Regular visits to Windmill sites.
* Preparation and submission of monthly energy invoices to the respective electricity boards.
* Track the payment realization and liaise with the State Electricity Boards.
* Keep a track of spares consumption and maintain a data base.
* Visit sites and attend the periodic preventive maintenance activities.
* Visit sites in case of any major breakdowns and understand the reasons in details and speed up the
* restoration process.
* Identification of third party power purchasers so as to sell wind power under open access mechanism.
* Monitor Forecasting & Scheduling activity of Qualified Coordinating Agency (QCA) in order to
* compliance with SLDC’s regulations.
* Key Responsibility Area
* Performance Monitoring- Monitor and analyze the performance of the windmills, track the wind
* speed and generation.
* Coordination with operation and Maintenance team- Effectively coordinate with the service team,
* minimize the down time of windmills due to minor breakdowns.
* Consumables and Spare parts tracking: Effectively keep track on the consumables and spare parts
* required for the smooth functioning of our windmills and avoid delays in restoration of windmills
* during the major breakdowns due to spare issues.
* Maintenance of windmills- Schedule the maintenance activity with the service agencies, oversee the
* maintenance activities and ensure that the maintenance is carried out in an effective manner so as to
* >
* >
* >
* >
* >
* >
* >
* >
* >


## Vv

--- Page Break ---
* get optimum output from the windmills.
* > Data base management- Prepare and maintain a database for all the windmills which would primarily
* contain the windmill generation, billing and technical parameters.
* > Liaising with EB officials- Following up with EB officials for processing and disbursement of our
* energy bill payments.
* > O&M deliverables- Understand the O&M terms with all the service providers, monitor the technical
* parameters and track the O&M deliverables such as machine availability, grid availability, reactive
* power, line losses as per the contract terms.
* > Insurance Compliance- Prepare and arrange documents that are required for recovery of claim
* amount from Insurance Company in case of Major Breakdown in turbines.
* Project Handling
* > Wind Power of 6 MW (10*600kW) RRB Machines located at Dewas, Madhya Pradesh.
* > Wind Power of 4 MW (5*800kW) Enercon Machines located at Jodhpur, Rajasthan.
* > Wind Power of 4.95 MW (3*1650kW) Vestas Machines located at Chikodi, Karnataka.
* > Wind Power of 2.50 MW (2*1250kW) Suzlon Machines located at Dhule, Maharashtra.


## Experience

* RRB Energy Limited, C hennai
* A pioneering company in the field of Wind Power Generation in India with a cumulative installed capacity
* of more than 1000 MW through their most reliable products- V27-225kW, V39-500kW and V47-600kW
* driven by the technology outsourced from Vestas Wind Systems A/S, Denmark.
* Assistant Manager (Service), Dewas (MP) Aug 2014 — Sept 2019
* > Site In-charge of 15 MW (25*600kW) project.
* > Responsible for the repairing of V47 wind turbine models comprising the troubleshooting on VMP
* control system, hydraulic power pack, sensors, motors and all other electrical and electronic
* components assembled in nacelle.
* > Responsible for billing process of generated units through liaising with EB Depts.
* > In-charge of completion of service order in SAP & physical stock verification.
* > Carrying out predictive & preventive maintenance schedules of WEGs to increase the levels and
* reliability of the product and services
* > Root Cause Analysis report preparation for all type of breakdowns.
* > Ensuring uninterrupted operations of Wind Electric Generators.
* > Provide technical training to Engineers at wind sites.
* > Co-ordinate with project teams and various departments for the installation of new WTGs.
* > Responsible for maintaining Customer relationship, answering their queries and O&M follow up.
* > Visit various sites across India for internal A udits.
* Engineer (Service), Muppandal (Tamilnadu) Dec 2013 - July 2014
* > Repaired electrical & mechanical faults of V27, V 39 and V 47 wind turbine.
* > Responsible for creating service order, logistics material management, purchasing of materials using
* SAP module.
* > Co-ordinated in the internal audits as well as in the external audits by DNV and TUV as per the ISO
* 9001:2008 (QMS) and ISO 14001:2004 (EMS).
* > Preparing the documentation of the relevant reports and coordinated for all aspects of projects which
* entail developing and maintaining a detailed service schedule.
* > Maintenance of 33 kV transmission line.
--- Page Break ---
* Graduate Engineer Trainee (Service), Muppandal (Tamilnadu) July 2013 - Dec 2013
* > Completed training on V27-225kW, V39-500kW and V47-600kW Nacelle, VMP control panel and
* Blade manufacturing.
* > Developed integral skills like analyzing and producing electrical schematics and gained knowledge
* for superior understanding of the turbine design, pitch control system, hydraulic system, blade
* aerodynamics and the electrical components assembled in the wind turbine.


## Education

* > Qualified GATE- 2013 examination with Gate Score 311.
* > Bachelor of Technology in Electronics and Instrumentation Engineering from Maharishi Markandeshwar
* University, Mullana (Haryana) in 2013 with 8.86 CGPA.
* > 12" from CBSE in 2007 with 66.8% marks.
* > 10" from CBSE in 2004 with 67.8% marks.
* Strengths
* Adaptable & flexible in situations.
* Capable of meeting challenges alone as well as in team.
* Hard working & good listener.


## Skills

* > Handled SAP Logistics Material Management, Purchasing material management.
* > Proficient in using MS Office tools.
* Sports- Chess A chievements
* Current International Fide rating : 1365
* Secured 41" position in All India Open Chess Tournament, 2016 held in Indore.
* Secured 32™ position in Royal Fide Rating C hess Tournament (below 1600), 2015 held in New
* Delhi.
* Secured 35" position in Bramhapuri Educational City trophy All India Open FIDE Rapid
* Chess Tournament, 2015 held in Bramhapuri, Maharashtra.
* Secured 62" position in All India Open Fide Rating Rapid Chess Tournament, 2015 held in
* Hubli, Karnataka.
* Winner of Chess Championship, 2010 in the college hosted by Indian Society for Technical
* Willing to learn from failure and start with a new beginning.
* Vv Vv VV VV WV


## Profile

* Father’s Name : Raj Kumar Sah
* Mother’s Name : Hira Devi
* Date of Birth : 8" Feb, 1988
* Nationality : Indian
* Language Known : English, Hindi and Maithali
* Declaration
* I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge and I shall be
* responsible for any discrepancy.
* Date: 21.05.2022
* Shankar Kumar
* Place: Bangalore

