# Jasmeet Singh

## Contact Information

* E-Mail: mail2jasmeet26@gmail.com


## Summary

* e Completed 20+ Years working experience across Documentation & Complaisance, Collections,
* Retention & Relations, Complaint management.
* e Gained Knowledge and excelled performance while working for Hdfc Bank Ltd,Magma Fincorp
* Ltd,Kotak Mahindra Bank Itd. Aavas Finance Itd , Cholamandalam Finance .


## Skills

* e Documentation & Compliance e Retention & Relations e MIS & Reporting
* e Collections e Complaint Management e Process Improvement
* e Partner Management e Client Interaction


## Professional Chronology

* Poonawalla Fincorp Limited . 21* Nov-19 -TILL Date
* Zonal Manager collection — North
* e Handling 0-90 bucket in ABF (Asset based finance )
* e Handled 90+ for Haryana and Punjan
* e Supervising with team size of 27 on roll and 177 off roll employees.
* e Legal remedies like Sec-9 /17 , ARB
* e Ensure to deliver desired numbers
* e Ensure Collection & Retention targets are met
* e Cross functional coordination & Process initiations & improvements
* Cholamandalam Finance & Investment Co. 1* OCT-18 — 20-Nov-2019
* Regional Collection Manager— Haryana
* Hard Bucket Regional Collection
* e Taking care of Haryana Vehicle recovery
* e Control on delinquency by reducing NPA.
* e Supervising with team size of 15 onroll profile and 55 Off roll
* e Legal remedies like Sec-9 /17 , ARB
* e Ensure to deliver desired numbers
* e Ensure Collection & Retention targets are met
* e Cross functional coordination & Process initiations & improvements
* AAVAS FINANCIERS LTD. 15-Nov-17 — 29 Sep- 2018
--- Page Break ---
* Regional Collection Manager— Gujarat
* HL — Regional Collection
* Taking care of Gujarat in HL collection
* Control on delinquency by reducing NPA.
* Supervising with team size of 30 on roll employees
* Legal process on properties.
* Ensure to deliver desired numbers
* Ensure Collection & Retention targets are met
* Cross functional coordination & Process initiations & improvements
* Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd.- JULY-2015 — DEC-2016(1.5 Yrs)
* Area Collection Manager — Delhi & Chandigarh
* Lap -PL- BB(Business Baking Collection)
* Managing the Collections (HL, Pl and Business banking)
* Responsible for the Receipt/Cash/Capacity/Process Management
* Control on delinquency by reducing NPA
* To ensure each location in the region to deliver the expected results.
* Responsible for the Receipt/Cash/Capacity/Process Management
* MAGMA Fincorp Ltd. APRIL-2014 — JULY-2015(1.3 yrs)
* State Head — Haryana
* Handling book size of Rs. 100 Cr
* Managing the Collections (FE,TRAC,CAR, Refinance, CE ,CV)
* Responsible for the Receipt/Cash/Capacity/Process Management
* Handling team of 91 people
* Taking care of Haryana
* HDFC Bank Ltd. AUGUST -2008 — NOV 2014 (5.3 yrs)
* Manager — Haryana &Punjab
* Handling book size of Rs. 200 cr.
* Managing the Collections and credit of Agriculture products (KGC-TL, Farm Equipments, Cash credit
* limit, E-arthiya, DOD, Tractor and Micro Finance)
* Responsible for increasing collections in Agriculture
* SMPL — Tata Motor Finance May-2005-August -2008(3 yrs)
* Lead - Retention & Relations
* Managing the Collections Commercial Vehicle(CV).
* Supervising collection activities in area, and proactively driving to meet or exceed regional cash
* collection targets.
* Managing the Training for the hired employees for the region.
* Responsible for the adherence of the collection processes & policies by agencies.
* Responsible for the Legal process to be in place
* Solution Point Pvt Ltd. Sep-2003 to-April-2005(2 yrs)
* Product Manager -Collections -legal
* Managing the Collections & Legal portfolio for given locations with excellence.
--- Page Break ---
* e Managing the Tw ,Home Loan Personal Loan portfolio
* e Responsible for the Front-end performance as per the company standards.
* e Managing the delinquent portfolio and responsible for the reduction in the delinquency MOM.


## Key Accountabilities

* ¢ Meet customers prior to credit approval.
* ¢ Credit Approval of deals as per authorized limits ; Recommends and forwards to UM
* e Meets appraisers, valuers on ongoing basis to monitor collateral values.
* ¢ Meet Market opinion leaders, trade associations, to gather information proactively


## Academics

* > Bachelors of Commerce From Kurukshetra University, Haryana
* > E-Commerce SSI.


## Languages

* Jasmeet Singh

