# 24907_121_bibincv2022112047

## Contact Information



## Contact Nos : 9400055081,9645369684

* Email : bibinmundayil@gmail.com


## Objective

* To Obtain a designated position in a reputed organisation to empower my Management skills,Quality
* assurance, Team leadership , training experience and thereby contribute to the growth of an
* organization, which in turn provides personnel and professional growth.


## Diploma In Fire And Safety

* One year diploma in fire and safety engineering from NIFE (National Institute Of Fire Engineering)


## Plus Two - Commerce Group

* Board : Board of higher secondary Examination,kerala
* Institution : co-operative college, manjeri,kerala
* Year : 2003 — 2005


## Secondary

* Board : Board of public Examination,kerala
* Institution : MSPHSS,Malappuram,kerala
* Year : 2002


## Skills

* Adequate knowlwdge in MS OFFICE and also having Diploma in computer application from a recognized
* Institute.
--- Page Break ---
* Willing to move at any given point of time and destination.
* Willing to shoulder challenges and responsibilities.
* The burning desire for self Improvement.
* A good team player with positive energy and attitude.
* Evergreen quest for knowledge and a fast learner.
* Easily adaptable to change and can drive any given task to create a win situation for all stake holders,


## Additional Qualification

* Office secretary course completed from vocational training service society (under Govt of Kerala)
* 10 hours out reach training in OSHA (Occupational safety and health Administration) . US Dept of Labour


## Experience

* NAME OF THE COMPANY : POONAWALLA FINCORP LTD (FORMELY KNOWN AS


## Job Description

* : Handling 91 age to 450 age customers .
* : Minimizes delinquencies and recovers by performing collection activities.
* : Improves collection efforts by identifying and locating the customers home and vehicles.
* NAME OF THE COMPANY XPERT SOLUTIONS(Debit Collection Agency Manjeri)
* : Handled 0 age to 450 age customers.
* : Managed three Portfoliyos ( Hinduja Leyland Finance, Muthoot Finance, Maxvalue Credit and Investment Ltd )
* :1. Hinduja Leyland Finance : Oto 90 age customers.
* : 2. Muthoot Finance : 91 to 360 age customers,and 360 to 450 age customers.
* : 3. Maxvalue Credit and Investment Ltd : 1 to 90 age customers,and 91 to 180 age customers.
* NAME OF THE COMPANY : INNOVATIVE TRADING COMPANY LLC, QATAR
* : Running and supervising the workers Accomodation.
* : Daily employee details are reported to the office.
* NAME OF THE COMPANY SEVEN STAR CATERING SERVICES LLC, DUBAI, UAE
* : Checking all the employees and make sure wear all the safety Equipment.
* : Check that all workers are working safely.
* : When a new person joins the company for a job,give them safety induction training.
* : Give the tool box meeting only once a weak.


## Position : Camp Boos

--- Page Break ---


## Training

* : Creating Menus.
* : Planning Schedules and shifts, budgeting,enforcing health and safety regulations, maintaining inventories,and
* ordering supplies.
* NAME OF THE COMPANY BELLEL!I ENERGY HUMRIYAH FREEZONE, SHARJAH, UAE


## Date Of Birth : 09-Feb — 1985

--- Page Break ---


## Strengths

* Proactive approach to any situation.


## Note

* Originals of all certificates will be produced on demand.
* | hereby declare that above information in this CV are true and correct to the best of my knowledge.

