# 24963_121_samir___cv2022111655

## Contact Information



## Samir K. Vasudevan

* Cell-07899746618 Email: samirvasudevan@yahoo.com
* Managerial assignments in areas of Collections, Sales & Marketing, Finance, Business Development,
* Relationship Management with an organization of high repute
* Professional Abridgement
* % A seasoned Marketing and Collection Professional with over 19 years’ of elaborate experience in Hard
* core Collections, Sales & Marketing, Business Development, Finance, Channel Management and Relationship
* Management.
* % At present working with Magma Fincorp Ltd, Bangalore, as State Head, Collections.90+, Managing a
* 30 cr portfolio
* % Experienced in soft and hard bucket Collections with more exposure to NPA management, plan
* execution and implementation of business strategies to accomplish the decided targets.
* % Expertise in developing & managing channel partners in order to enhance the market share & profits.
* % Proficient at analyzing market trends to provide critical inputs for business development initiatives and
* formulation of selling and marketing strategies.
* % Skilled in managing teams to work in sync with the corporate set parameters & motivating them for
* achieving business and individual goals.
* % An effective communicator with good presentation skills and abilities in forging business partnerships and
* establish beneficial relationships with channel partners.


## Education

* => Pursuing Bachelor of Law from Law Centre- 1, Delhi University.
* > MBA (Marketing, Human Resource) from PSG Institute of Management, Coimbatore, Bharathiyar
* University in 1999,
* > BA (Pass) from Ramjas College, Delhi University in 1992.
* Core Competencies
* Collections
* => Recovery of dues from the delinquent customers through outsourced agencies and filing of legal cases
* under different sections for recovering the amt
* => Oversee the operations of FI agencies
* => Repossessed stock management and co-ordination with online portals for sale
* => Appointment of professional collection and repo agencies through wider network to get desired level of
* results
* Channel Management
* => Recognizing and establishing financially strong and reliable channel partners for deeper market penetration.
* > Providing direction, motivation and training to the channel partners and ensuring optimum performance.
* => Supervising collection, pending payments & debtor status for ensuring nil outstanding.
* Team Management
* => Training & monitoring personnel of the sales team for ensuring optimum performance to deliver quality
* services in market.
* => Conducting meetings for setting up sales objectives and designing or streamlining processes to ensure
* smooth functioning of sales operations.
* > Creating and sustaining a dynamic environment that fosters career development opportunities and
* motivates high performance amongst team members.
* > Certified Trainer
* Career Highlights
* Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd, State Head Nov’19- Till date
* The present working as State Head 91-365 dpd portfolio .Job involves mix products that include Cars,
* Commercial vehicles, Tractors and Construction equipment. At present handling a 45 cr portfolio . Job involves
* close coordination with the repo vendors and the legal team.
--- Page Break ---
* TATA Motors Finance Ltd, State Head Oct’08- Sep’19
* Handled various assignments at Tata Motors Finance, starting as Legal Remedial Manager at Hubli handling
* 11+ collections, State Head 1-4 collections, Andhra Pradesh based out of Hyderabad, State Head-Recoveries
* and Strategic Collections based at Bangalore, State Head-RSC- Jharkhand with present assignment at
* Bangalore as SCM-MGB Collections
* > Handled a portfolio of 49 crs with an in house team .The product includes Commercial vehicles,
* & Personal car segment. Aggressive repossession of assets through wide network of repo
* agencies across the state has helped in recovery of dues apart from the regular field collections.
* = Successful in Bringing down the delinquency levels for both CV & PC through field collection, legal means &
* sale of assets under repossessed stock management
* > Filing of sec-138 cases
* => Job also involves close co-ordination with Legal team apart from conducting conciliation camps, settlement
* melas to give additional fillip to the collections
* ICICI Bank Ltd., Mysore Assistant Manager - Collection Jan’05-Oct’07
* (India's second-largest bank with total assets of about Rs. 2513.89 billion)
* => Lead a team of 50 executives for managing Personal loan, Two Wheeler, Automobile & Commercial
* Business in Mysore.
- Successfully handled around 600 cases of PL,1000 cases of Two Wheeler, 200 cases of
* Automobile & 350 cases of Commercial Business.
- Supervising various collection agencies, FI agencies & in-house Executives.
- Interacting with lawyers for filing cases against defaulters as per Sec 138, Sec 156, etc.
* => Instrumental in driving down delinquency for Cars & 3 Wheeler by 1.5% & 2% respectively.
* => Successfully handled delinquency of personal loan, approximately 1500 cases of secured loan defaulters
* including CV, CE, ME, TW, 3W & Cars Loans.
* => Demonstrated excellence in bringing down delinquency of 3W to nil, entrusted with the additional charge of
* 2 spoke locations for secured products.
* Bradma of India Ltd., Cochin Territory Manager Jun’03 — Dec’04
* (A Forbes Group Company and division of TATA group)
* => Managed sales and handled key accounts: Utility & Banking group and Corporates.
* => Entrusted with additional responsibility of setting up channel partners in Kerala.
* => Products handled: Note Counting Machine and MICR Encoders.
* => Successfully achieved 161% sales in 2003-04.
* => Major accounts handled: SBI, Federal Bank, Canara Bank, South Indian Bank, etc.
* => Received Performance Certificate from the management for excelling the target for FY 2003 -2004
* Ceat Ltd., Mangalore Territory Manager Sep’02 - Jun’03
* (One of the oldest among RPG companies. Leading tyre manufacturer with an annual turnover of about
* Rs.2000 Crores)
* Managed business development activities in Coorg, Udupi and Mangalore.
* Led a team of 25 executives employed by dealer and managed general administration for 7 staff.
* Products handled: Different kind of Tyres produced by the company
* Achieved sales targets in the truck tyre category for consecutive 3 months
* Handled 5 fleet a/c in the territory apart from 7 wholesellers and 2 Ceat shoppees.
* Successfully opened 3 new fleet a/c , appointed new retailers in the virgin territories to increase the sales &
* exposure of the brands.


## $Qq8988 49 8

* Magnasound (1) Ltd., Cochin Sales Officer Oct’99 - Sep’02
* Handled sales & marketing in whole Kerala region.
* Products handled: Audio Cassettes, CD’s & VCD’s.
* Handled sales network of 4 wholesellers & 11 retailers including Music World & Planet M stores.
* Instrumental in achieving additional revenue for the company through corporate sales.
* $44 8
--- Page Break ---
* => Successfully organized promotional campaigns for various albums at Music World & Planet M.


## Projects

* => Assessment of the potential of IT outsourcing from India with Polaris Software Lab Ltd., Chennai
* (Summer Project for 2 months).
* => Ascertaining the pattern of Consumer Behavior in the rural areas of Erode district, Tamil Nadu. -
* A survey on FMCG products.
* > Assessing the reasons behind the success of Primary Agricultural Co-operative Banks in the
* Erode district. - Results were published in the ‘Business Line’ on 3 Feb’99.
* Technical Course
* = 6 months IACT Certification Examination from India Academy for Computer Technology, Kerala in 1989.
* Personal Dossier
* Date of Birth : 2"? July 1971
* Present Address : Flat no.201, Carleston Classic, Carleston road, Opp ITC, Cook Town,Bangalore-560005
* Cell No. : 07899746618
* Permanent Address : Narayana Nivas, Methala, Kodungallur, Kerala. PIN Code - 680669.
* Contact No. : 0480 2802707

