# 25273_121_kuwarjaisinghresumev220222022111640

## Contact Information



## Photo

* | Name ——————s| KUWAR JAI SINGH
* |Gender ————si| Male
* Contact No. +91 9903869505 / 7478740389 (what’s app number)
* E-mail Id singh.kj81@qmail.com
* Objective —_: To obtain a challenging goal with an aggressive people oriented organization
* utilizing leadership and technical skills, willing to do hard work and believe in healthy team effort
* that is handling problem analysis and achieving result oriented goals.
* Current job Status: Working as Team Leader in Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd (Formaly known as
* Magma Fincorp Ltd) since January 2020.
* > Looking after a collection team of North Bengal 0-90 bkt PV, CV, Tractor and SME
* portfolio..
* Meeting targets on everyday basis.
* Monitoring visit and collection and providing feedbacks to team and seniors.
* Mentoring and motivating the team to help them come out of the learning curve as it’s a
* collection process.
* Taking sessions for the new offers being offered for the process.
* Mentoring the SRC’s who are reporting to me for their next level roles so that they work
* more independently.
* Recognizing SRC’s for their next level roles and asking them to move up the ladder through
* appraisals.


## V Vv Vv V

* > Maintaining MIS on daily basis and appointment of manpower as per requirement.


## About Myself & Preferred Job Details

* Energetic, self motivated, hardworking, dedicated and able to work under pressure.


## Professional Snapshot

* ¢ Worked as a Team leader (Sales) in Sushila Automobiles (P) Ltd (Maruti’s Authorized
* Dealer at Ranchi).
* ¢ Worked as a CRE, recovery support officer, operation executive and senior legal officer in
* Magma Fincorp Ltd.
* ¢ Worked as a Team leader in Tata Motors Finance Solutions Ltd.
* ¢ Worked as a State Head in Conneqt Business Solutions Services (Formaly known as Tata
* Business Solutions Services).
* ¢ Working as Team Leader in Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd (Formaly known as Magma Fincorp Ltd)


## Relocation Of Job 

* Any where in India.(West Bengal Preferred)
* Page 1
--- Page Break ---


## Experience

* Duration Company Name Designation
* From To
* 1* April 1999 | 30 January Sushila Automobiles (P) Ltd Team leader (Sales)
* 2004 (Maruti Suzuki Dealer) Ranchi,
* Jharkhand.
* 1 March 30" June 2015 Magma Fincorp Ltd. Recovery support
* 2004 Kolkata officer, Operation
* Executive and Senior
* legal officer
* 2”? July 5° September | Tata Motors Finance Solutions Ltd. | Team Leader Recovery
* 2015 2017 - South And North
* Bengal.
* 15" 30" June 2019 Conneaqt Business Solutions State Head X BKT
* September Services. (Formaly known as Tata
* 2018 Business Solutions Services).
* 20" January - Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd (Formaly Team Leader - North
* 2020 known as Magma Fincorp Ltd) Bengal
* Examination | University / Board / Council Degree Completion
* Year
* 0" Sta WBBSE 1996
* Calcutta University B.Com Part I 2000


## Personal Details

* Permanent Address 34 Singhpara, Post: Makhla, P.S.: Uttarpara,
* Dist:-Hooghly:712245,West Bengal
* Date of Birth 28/04/1981
* Nationality Indian
* Marital Status Married
* Father’s Name Ramshiromani Singh
* Language Known English, Hindi, Bengali.


## Skills

* Hobbies & Interests Writing, Travelling & Listening music.


## Declaration

* I here by declare that the above information provided by me is true and to the best of my
* knowledge.
* Date! oe cccccccccecceetesssseeeees .
* Place: Kolkata ( Kuwar Jai Singh )
* Page 2

