# 25403_120_resumeabhilashkj2022112104

## Contact Information



## Pin-683515

* Email-abhilashkj2@gmail.com
* Mob : 8891786123
* To take up a challenging position in a company that provides an environment
* conductive to enjoying working, and which utilizes my knowledge, diversified exposure,
* capabilities and skills towards the achievement of company’s mission and objectives
* through continuous learning and development.
* K RIJAS & ASSOCIATES 14 July2011- 10th May 2013
* Role : RCU - Sampler


## Profile

* e Investigation of every document fraud cases to check who has indulged in the
* fraud
* e Sampling documents for RCU verification
* e Verification of sampled documents
* e Coordination with verifier & Agency for report
* KOTAK MAHINDRA BANK _13"" May 2013 - 16""Jan 2016
* Role : RCU - Coordinator
* e Handling fraud control activities across all retail asset products and ensure no
* fraud cases creeps into our system
--- Page Break ---
* Managing a team / vendors and co-ordination with control functions
* Taking care of screening / sampling of loan files like LAP /HL/ BL & PL etc.
* Investigation of every document fraud cases to check who has indulged in the
* fraud
* Co-ordination of Credit Processing A gencies
* Internal control activities across all retail asset products.
* Managing a Team/V endors and co-ordination with control functions.
* Taking care of screening / sampling of loan files like AL/ LAP / CV /CE/HL/
* Handling fraud control activities across all retail asset products and ensure no
* fraud cases creeps into our system
* Taking care of screening / sampling of loan files like AL / CV /CE/ECG/TW /
* AGRI & GL etc.
* Investigation of discrepant cases to find out who is involved in the fabrication
* Investigation on suspected Employees, DST, DMA & Customer
* Control file sampling % & maintain the cost as budgeted
* Sampling and Hit ratio MIS preparation
* Generation of reports and Sampling/ Screening MIS
* Managing a team / vendors and co-ordination with control functions
--- Page Break ---
* Proper coordination with RCU Agencies for receiving reports with in TAT
* Internal control activities across all retail asset products.
* Auditing of collection Agencies
* Repo-yard visit & Asset inspection
* e Bachelor of Arts (Economics) from M.G.University (2008-2011) (Third class)
* ¢ 12" from HSE board (2006-2008). (71%)
* ¢ 10° from Kerala SSLC board (2006). (64%)
* e Willingness to learn new things.
* e Ability to deal with people diplomatically.
* e Hard working. Quick learner.
* e Patient listener who fully focuses on Speakers.
* e Consistently maintains a positive attitude and enjoys helping people.
* e Friendly and very effective working with people of different backgrounds.
* e Good knowledge in MS- Office, Internet, and Email.
* e Awareness in networking, hardware and software maintenance
* Name: ABHILASH K J
* Father Name: K V JOSEPH
* Date of Birth: 20/05/1990
* Sex & Marital Status: Male, Married
* Domicile: Kerala
* Nationality: Indian


## Employment

* Generation of reports and Regional MIS
* Proper coordination with RCU Agencies for the reports
* HDFC Bank 18°" Jan 2016 — 30" Jan 2017
* Role
* : RIC Officer


## Pl & Bl

* Coordination of Credit Processing A gencies
* Fraud investigation
* Auditing of collection Agencies
* Monitor and review RIC process.
* Generation of reports and Regional MIS
* Post disbursement verification of the microfinance division (SLI).
* SLI Group Visit & report updating
* Investigation on suspected SLI Groups / Employee
* KOTAK MAHINDRA BANKLTD 2’ Feb 2017 -Till Date
* Role : Assistant Manager — RCU


## Languages

--- Page Break ---
* Reference 1 Reference 2
* Manoj V Rameshkumar P
* Senior Manager — RCU Senior Manager — RCU
* HDB Financial Services HDFC Bank
* Mob : 9400243727 Mob: 9495506327
* | do here by confirm that the information given in this form is true to do the best of
* My knowledge and belief.
* Place: Kochi Abhilash K J
* Date: 10/07/2019

