# 26597_120_resumegurjeetsingh112022111635

## Contact Information



## Curriculum Vitae

* Gurjeet Singh
* Bhai Dayal Singh Nagar, Gali No.2
* Khairpur Colony, Sirsa - 125055
* Mob. - +91, 90175-03330
* E-mail: -gurjeets.singh2010@gmail.com


## Objective

* To pursue my career with a good job in an organization which encourage and provide
* open working environment, good work and believes in Building a long term relation
* with its employees and as well as organization.
* Academic Qualification:-
** Graduation from Maharaja Ganga Singh University Bikaner (Rajasthan).
** Higher Secondary from Board of School (Rajasthan) .
* «* Matriculation from Board of School Education (Rajasthan)
* Computer Skill:-
* “* Proficient with the use of MS Office and the Internet
** One Year Diploma in Basic Knowledge of Computer Application.
* “* Knowledge of Computer Hardware & Networking.


## Experience

* .)
* At Present working in Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd (Formerly Known as Magma
* Fincorp Ltd.) as a Sen. Operation Executive form 21 JAN 2021 to Till Time.
* },
** 1 Year 6 Month Experience as a Branch Senior Operation Officer in Indiabulls
* ConsumerFinance Ltd. Sirsa from 01 Dec 2018 to 31 May 2020.
** 10 Year 5 Month Experience as a Senior Hi-Rise Operator in Telmos
* Automobiles Pvt.Ltd.(Decent Honda) Sirsa from 16 June 2008 to 30 Nov 2018.
--- Page Break ---


## Profile

*° Cash & Account Handling
* Customer Queries Handling & Satisfaction
* Proper File check, Disbursement & Dispatch to H.O.
* Daily MIS Report maintain & send to concern department.
* Branch Walking Customer Convert to Lead.
* Cross Sell 100% Achieve the Target
* Strengths:-
* Self Motivation
* Full Dedication to My Duty.
* Honesty.
* High Level Energy


## Interests

* Listen Music,
* Father's Name: Sd.Charanjeet Singh
* Date of Birth: 20 July 1988
* Sex: Male
* Marital Status: Married
* Language known: English, Hindi & Punjabi.


## Date

* Place: Sirsa (Gurjeet Singh)
--- Page Break ---

