# 27085_121_resume_akash2022111712

## Contact Information



## Collection And Debt Management Professional

* SEEKING UPPER MIDDLE LEVEL ASSIGNMENTS ACROSS THE INDUSTRY


## Profile

* Competent, diligent & result oriented professional with an overall work experience of over 17 years in Collection,
* recoveries, operation and currently spearheading as Regional Manager Collection at Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd (formally known
* as Magma Fincorp Ltd) Bihar Jharkhand
* Deft in steering collection operations, analyzing risk and managing delinquencies dexterity across applying techniques for
* maximizing recoveries and minimizing the credit losses.
* Proactive professional with keen business acumen to achieve desired result/targets within shrinking deadlines, demonstrated
* capabilities in implementing business practices in conformity with global standards.
* Highly analytical and detail oriented in approach with strong ability to adapt and handle risk operating outside comfort zone
* with a reputation for consistently going beyond what is required and using personal high standards to achieve result.


## Core Competency

* Collection/Recovery/Repossession * Risk Management * MIS analysis * Relationship Management * Team Handing


## Experience

* Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd
* Regional manager for 90+ Bihar & Jharkhand Location: Ranchi
* From Apr’21 to Till Date
* e Delinquency control 90+
* Ensure compliance of process
* Handling collection for the region across the all the NCL buckets through field collections/Repo/Legal
* Monitoring collection strategy plans, Majorly Through Collection/Repo/Legal
* Developing MIS at regional level projecting delinquency, driving the team for the execution, and achieving results
* FPR (First Person responsible) for all audit and other monthly quality evaluation for 90+
* Repo Sale with coordination with Online/Offline Auction
* FPR for the execution of legal activity


## Vvvvvv

* CNH Capital PVT Ltd
* Regional manager for tractor/CE loan East India Location: Patna
* From Oct’18 to Mar’21
* e Delinquency control 30+ & 90+
* e Ensure compliance of process
* > Handling collection for the region across the buckets through field collections
* > Monitoring collection strategy plans, analyzing and sharing feedback to credit underwriting and policy team for delinquent’s
* 0  eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeEeEeESESESESES=—S——EEEEEEE SEE
--- Page Break ---
* > Generation of dashboards for the region to analyses the trends and improve processes
* > Developing MIS at regional level projecting delinquency, driving the team for the execution and achieving results
* > FPR (First Person responsible) for all audit and other monthly quality evaluation
* Chola Mandalam finance co. Ltd.
* Regional recovery manager for tractor loan (U.P) Location: Lucknow
* From Nov 16 to Oct’18
* Accountabilities
* e Delinquency control: Controlling collection as Regional recovery manager
* e Ensure compliance of process
* e Analyze Root Cause of non-achievers, take corrective measures to make the Team More Productive
* KRA of the Role
* e Roll Forward
* e Roll Back / Normalization
* e Collection Efficiency
* e NCL Lines
* From Dec 13 to Oct’16 - State Head Collection, Jharkhand,
* Shriram Equipment Finance. (CE)
* Accountabilities
* e Delinquency control: Controlling collection as State Head for entire portfolio of Jharkhand.
* e Ensure compliance of process
* e Analyze Root Cause of non-achievers, take corrective measures to make the Team More Productive
* KRA of the Role
* e Roll Forward
* e Roll Back
* e Collection Efficiency
* e Nil Collection
* e Repossession and disposing those asset within the TAT given
* Mar 13 Dec’13 - State Head Collection (Bkt 31-90), Jharkhand,
* Magma Fincorp. (CE, CV, CAR, Tractor)
* Accountabilities
* e Delinquency control: Controlling Debt collection as State Head.
* e Ensure compliance of process
* e Analyze Root Cause of non-achievers, take corrective measures to make the Team More Productive
* KRA of the Role
* e Roll Forward
--- Page Break ---
* e Roll Back / Normalization
* e Collection Efficiency
* e Repossession and disposing those asset within the TAT given
* GE Money Housing Finance
* Since Jun’2008 till Feb’13
* Collection Manager, HL, LAP, WB and Odisha, Location KOLKATA
* Accountabilities
* Portfolio Management: Weekly Review with collections team members. This includes bucket wise feedback and plan future actions
* for delinquent customers.
* People Management: Ensures team members are motivated to and capable of delivering all requirements of Collections. This
* includes planning and implementation in the areas of collection management and succession, coaching and mentoring thereby
* enabling team members to achieve the set performance targets.
* Monitoring all legal activities against Delinquent customers.
* Monitoring all collection issues for the region.
* GE capital
* May 2005—Sep 2011.
* Sitting Location Gurgaon (Tele-calling 2005 to 2007)
* Jamshedpur - (Bkt Manager (90+)) Field May 2007 to June 2008


## Basic Responsibilities

* e Managing Collection workforce and the operations part.
* e Finalizing Vendor, payout and everything related
* e Agreement and Billing of the vendors on time
* e Closure of audit items like receipt books and submission of payment on time
* e Understanding of agency payout and use the payout effectively for driving efficiency
* e Fulfilling the training need of vendor’s and workforce as well.
* e Weekly performance review with the vendor and subsequently with the workforce.
* e Rollout of daily/weekly target, Incentive and ensuring DRR is met on daily basis.


## Qualifications

* =  Master’s Degree in Business Administration (MBA) - System and Marketing from SMU (Sikkim Manipal University), 2005.
* «= Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology (BIT) from MAHE, Manipal. In 2003
* » Parmanent Address : 38 A, Ramdasi Bhawan, Bhuiyadih, Jamshedpur
* = Current Address : 7 E, B block, Shree Sai Residency, Bargain Ranchi
* Personal
* Gender Male
* Nationality Indian
* Language Hindi, English
--- Page Break ---
* DOB 6th Jan 1983
* Marital status Married.

