# Mr. Brijlal kushwaha

## Contact Information

* Contact No.9300888121 Email: kushwaha50@ gmail.com


## Experience

* Poonawalla Fincorp Limited, (Formerly known as Magma Fincorp Limited) Apr-2021 till date
* Designation- BOM
* Responsibilities
* Reporting to State Head and assist him towards error-free documentation related
* activities, besides strict adherence to Tat in place.
* Any policy updation same inform to Business Team
* Ensuring error free Complete Data Entry of Loan Files and issuing the payments after
* processing as per the agreed TAT
* Prompt & courteous service to both-internal & external customers
* Loan Account Creation and Disbursement for all retail Assets Product (Home loan,
* LAP, Business Loan, Used Car )
* Coordination with Sales and Credit Team
* DCB Bank Ltd, Credit & Risk Department Mar-2016 to O5Apr-2021
* Designation- officer
* Responsibilities
* Reporting to State Head and assist him towards error-free documentation/security
* creation/ Finacle related activities, besides strict adherence to Tat in place.
* Issuance of Sanction letter
* Assistance Loan Document and Security Creation
* Error-free input of data into the system, including in particular, creation of limit-node
* and MIS fields.
* Loan Account Creation and Disbursement for all retail Assets Product (Mortgage,
* SME,Business Loan,KCC,Tractor,BC )
* Prompt & courteous service to both-internal & external customers
* Coordination with Sales and Credit Team
* RBL Bank Ltd on the roll of Veeraraghvan & Co.
--- Page Break ---
* Designation — Disbursement E xecutive Nov-2014 to Feb-2016
* Responsibilities
* e Loan Account Creation and Disbursement KCC & Rural Vehicle Finance
* e Ensuring error free Complete Data Entry of Loan Files and issuing the payments after
* processing as per the agreed TAT
* e Disbursement Process through software like Finacle
* Axis Bank Ltd on the roll of Axis Securities P vtLtd Sept-2013 to Oct-2014
* Designation — Credit Executive
* e Credit Underwrtting New And used Auto Loan
* e Credit underwrtting Personal Loan
* e Processing Credit applications through APS(Los)
* ICICI Bank Ltdon the roll ofl-Process services (I) Pvt. Ltd J uly-2012 to Sept-2013
* Designation — Sr. Associate Credit
* e Credit Underwrtting New And used Auto Loan
* e Processing Credit applications through APS (Los)
* e Prepair Disbursement Memo.
* HDFC Bank Ltd on the rolls of | .P.J .K Services Aug-2008 to J uly-2012
* Designation- Credit Executive
* e Handle product Two Wheeler Loan
* e Processing Credit applications through LOS (Loan Originating System) as per
* approved policy & Scoring Pattern
-+


## Education

* High School MP Board 2003
* Higher MP Board 2005
* Secondary
* B.COM BU Bhopal 2008
* PGDCA Makhanlal 2012
* University
* Bhopal
* e National Cadet Corps. (N.C.C.) ‘C’ Certified Holder


## Personal Details

--- Page Break ---
* Father's Name
* Mother’s Name
* Date of Birth
* Language Known
* Marital Status
* Mr. D P Kushwaha
* Mrs. Belakali Kushwaha
* 10" Nov — 1986
* English/Hindi
* Married
* All the information provided in my CV is true to my complete knowledge
* Place: Bhopal


## Date

* Brijlal kushwaha

