# Curriculum V itae

## Contact Information



## Ashoka.G Ph: +91-9901794045

* Email: gashok913@ gmail.com


## Objective

* Deliver the best effort in the challenging needs of the environment to move up the value chain in
* life and at the same time seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in Organization that
* offers security and professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible.


## Education

* B.A (Bachelor of ARTS) From Bangalore University


## Experience

* 1.
* Company Name : Poonawalla Fincorp Limited.
* Position : Team Leader - Collections (South Bangalore)
* Date Joined : May 2021 to till date


## Responsibilities

* . ¢ Handling secured NPA cases of 0 to 90 dpd.
* ° ¢ Allocating accounts to field officer’s as per the location.
* ° ¢ Taking the feedback on the cases allocated.
* ° ¢ Allocating repo target to agencies.
* ° * Marking the repo entries of the assets which are repossessed and parked in yard.
* ° ¢ Negotiating settlement and initiating closure on payment cases.
* ° ¢ Going for field visit on high value cases & dispute cases.
* ° ¢ Initiating for legal support on dispute cases.
* . ¢ Initiating NI 138 and Sec 9 for high ODPOS accounts.
* Company : SHRIRAM TRANSPORT FINANCE COMPANY LTD
* Sector : FINANCE
* Designation : BRANCH MANAGAR
* Place : Bangalore.
* Duration : SEP 2010 to FEB 2021.
--- Page Break ---
* R ‘bilities


## Vv V Vv Vw

* Handling the overall settlements and administration in branch.
* Verification of proposals which comes for loan.
* Scrutinizing new login applications submitted by Advisor / Sales Team
* Coordinating with Sales Team of proposals which are pending for issuance and
* CFR raised
* Quality checks for NB application and update the quality report for further
* process.
* Maintaining the MIS of Issuance Error Report for PAN India & updating to
* team.
* Handling the all walk-in customers.
* Maintain branch collection portfolio
* > Maintain the all recovery executives
* >
* >
* Preparing MIS statements for branch level.
* Responsibility for all collection activates including customer visit
* Rewards & Recognitions
* Had rewarded as best customer service executive for the year 2012, for South Zone.
* Had received a recognition reward for topping collection in 2nd quarter of 2013.


## Skills

* APPLICATION PACKAGE: Visual Stidio. DTP.


## Profile

* Name : Ashoka.G
* Father Name : Ganagadhara
* Date of birth : 12-06-1989
* Marital Status : Married
* Nationality : Indian
* Languages Known : English Kannada Telugu Tamil & Hindi
* Address
* : No 210 16 cross 3% main Ravindra nagar
* T.Dasrahalli Bangalore


## Bangalore-560057

--- Page Break ---


## Dediaration

* I here by declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of
* my knowledge and belief. Looking forward to a fruitful discussion.
* Place: Bangalore
* Date: (Ashoka.G)

