# Samrat Baburao Mali

## Contact Information

* Email Id: - msamrat100@ gmail.com Contact No: 9860174962


## Objective

* Technical Skill
* ¢ Networking: LAN configuration, IP addressing and crimping LAN cables
* ¢ CCNA: Configuration Router, IP addressing and sub-netting.
* ¢ Windows Server 2012 (MCSA): Configuring ADS, DNS, DHCP, applying group policies and
* permission maintaining the active directory environment.
* ¢ Manage Desktop, laptop & Network Trouble Shooting. More than 500 Desktops & Laptops.
* ¢ Configure mail in MS Outlook — POP, IMAP, office 365
* ¢ Trouble shooting for VPN’s (Sophos, Global protect & Forty client.)
* ¢ Handel ‘Manage Engine System Tool’ for IT Ticketing and Asset Inventory
* ¢ Manage ‘Desktop Central Manage Engine ‘for windows patch Management.
* ¢ Manage and Configure Firewall. (Sophos, Aruba)
* ¢ Manage ‘Seqrite Encryption Console’ for data security.
* ¢ Manage Access Points. (Ubiquity, Aruba)
* Responsibilities
* ¢ Acting as a Single point of contact for the entire state for IT functions, SD, IT Projects, and IT
* Purchases.
* ¢ Manage and Update Asset Inventory in Manage Engine.
* ¢ Manage and Maintain IT ticketing tool and assigned tickets to technicians accordingly.
* ¢ Instant Support to users of HO and Other locations.
* ¢ Maintain IT MIS. submit reports to managers on a monthly base.
* ¢ Purchase Hardware, and software according to requirement.
* ¢ Provide Assets to users on an approval basis. And update inventory accordingly.
* ¢ Daily check the status of network devices and submit reports to the Manager.
--- Page Break ---


## Personal Details

* Name
* Father’s Name
* Permanent Address
* Gender
* Date of Birth
* Marital Status


## Languages

* Other Activity


## Experience

* Hobbies
* Nationality
* : October 2007 IInd class
* Feb 2004 Ist class
* March 2002 Ist class
- Mr.Samrat Mali
- Mr. Baburao Mali
* Kale plot, Subhash nagar, Omerga.Dist - Osmanabad.
* Pin. 413603.
- Male
- 26 May 1987
- Married
- English, Hindi, Marathi.
- Novell certification
* Certification of Microsoft participation
* : 1) Three year Experience as ‘Acer Support Engineer’ in
* Computer Home Pvt. Ltd.
* 2) Four Year Experience as ‘Senior Engineer’ in Alpha and
* Omega Computer PVT.LTD
* 3) Five Month Experience as ‘System Admin’ in Tab Capital.
* 4) Two Year 1 Month Experience as ‘System Admin’ in
* Poonawalla Finance Pvt Ltd.
* (2 May 2019 to till date)
* Listening music ,Reading books.
- Indian

