# Sayani Mondal

## Contact Information

* E-mail:saioni.mondal@gmail.com


## Objective

* To work with a dynamic organization in a stimulating environment with challenging
* projects to learn and contribute simultaneously towards individual and organizational
* growth with my legal knowledge, expertise and experience.


## Professional Synopsis

* 1. Over 5 years’ of experience of handling matters in different Courts across diverse
* legal spectrum.
* 2. Currently designated as Executive-Legal in Arbitration Team with Poonawalla
* Fincorp Ltd.
* 3. A skilled communicator with decent presentation skills.


## Skills

* In depth knowledge on procedural (Arbitration & Conciliation Act, 1996,
* Companies Act, 1956, Civil Procedure Code, 1908 etc.) and a good understanding
* of Court Proceedings alongwith good exposure in drafting of pleadings and other
* legal documents and ability to sustain work pressure.


## Key Performance Areas

* Current Company: Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd.
* Designation: Executive-H.O —Legal.
* Period: August, 2015 till date.
--- Page Break ---


## Job Responsibilities

* e Responsible for initiating and conducting Arbitration Proceedings against the
* delinquent customers across various products (e.g. Vehicle Loan, Home Loan,
* SME Loan etc.) including arranging of various Interim Legal tools, i.e Sec.17
* Order and ensuing logical conclusion of Arbitration Proceedings in a time bound
* manner for all Branches spread over India.
* e Coordinating with Branches spread over India and follow up with them on
* regular basis.
* e Providing active support of maintaining and control of MIS and Trackers.
* e Vetting of important documents.
* e Strategy planning on Legal Processes as well as negotiating and meeting with
* borrowers for settlement of disputes.
* e Drafting of Statement of claim, Reply of Borrower’s legal notices, drafting
* Rejoinder and Affidavit Evidence, preparing Data for Arbitration proceedings and
* making appearance before Arbitration Tribunal.
* Growth Path: Ensure completion of Monthly Projection within the period of
* e Dealing and Managing different types of Litigation Matters such as in Arbitration
* Proceedings specially in (Section 9,11, 17, 34, 16), Company Matters, Contract,
* Execution Proceedings, Tenancy Cases , Recovery Proceedings like Winding-
* up, Civil suits, Land Laws, Writs , proceedings in Company Law and other Civil
* and Criminal Matters.
--- Page Break ---
* During such association with firm, have interacted on behalf of clients with
* Lawyers and assisted in all legal issues specially in Arbitration and Company
* Cases.
* Exposure on the Litigation side involved —drafting of petitions, giving opinions to
* legal related matters, replies to legal notices, attending conferences with
* Advocates, Briefed Senior Counsel of Calcutta High Court as well as assisted
* Lawyers of different Courts. Making appearances and arguing before Arbitration
* Tribunal as well as in various Courts including City Civil Courts, High Court,
* Company Law Board.
* Exposure in Real Estate matters include Property title search and Registration of
* Documents.


## Experience

* 1. Law Firm: N.C Bose & Co. Associates of Advocates, Kolkata.
* (October 2010-June, 2011).
* 2. Law Firm: M/s. R.N Ghose and Associates, Kolkata.
* (April 2012-July, 2015).


## Academic Credentials

* e 2010 B.A.LL.B Calcutta University, West Bengal.
* e 2005 H.S C.B.S.E.
* e 2003 Matriculation I.C.S.E.


## Computer Literacy

* MS Excel, MS Word and Internet.


## Language Proficiency

* English.
* Hindi.
* Bengali.


## Personal Details

* Address : 67, Garfa Main road, 1“ floor, Lalgate, Safuipara,


## D.O.B

* : Kolkata- 700078.
* : 26" September, 1984.
* Marital Status : Married.
* Sayani Mondal

