# Curriculum - Vitae

## Contact Information



## Pramod Avhad — (9595702929)

* Pramod.avhad12@gmail.com


## Objective

* To drive on the path of excellence carrying the essence of intellectual, emotional and spiritual values while being
* resourceful, innovative and adaptive.


## Experience

* Organization : Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd
* Industry : Banking & Finance
* Designation : Associate Vice President
* Duration : From Oct 2019 to till Date
* Organization : Bajaj Finance Ltd.
* Industry : Banking & Finance
* Designation : Regional Manager Collections (GCL)
* Duration : From 14 Jan 2019 to 4 Oct 2019
* Organization : Bajaj Finance Ltd.
* Industry : Banking & Finance
* Designation : Collection Manager Collections (GCL)
* Duration : From 09 Nov 2012 to 7 Dec 2016


## Profile

* Managing collection profile for bucket zero to NPA portfolio for PAN India and handling bucket 90+ cases for
* West zone (Magma Fincorp Ltd renamed as Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd)
* Managing Collection for BL/PL/LTP with Team of 12 Area Manager & 18 Managers/Asst. Mangers.
* To achieve collection targets of the region assigned ensuring meeting Norm/Roll back targets.
* Control delinquency and focus on WRITE-OFF.
* Achieve collection targets of the respective assigned bucket all parameters’ cases.
* Ensuring legal tools of 138/arbitrations summons warrants are executed along with legal team
* Adhering company Process and compliance free collection from team.
* Ensuring documented feedback and reviews of team on weekly and monthly basis.
* Ensuring background and reference check of agencies.
* Sending Daily, Weekly & monthly MIS to Team & reports to higher managers.
* Managing collection profile for bucket 2 to 5 PL portfolio for Maharashtra (Except Mumbai).
* Managing Collection for PL with Team of 4 Area Manager & 8 Managers.
* Adhering company Process and compliance free collection from team.
* Achieve collection targets of the respective assigned bucket all parameters’ cases especially BKT 2PLRoll back,
* 3-5 PL Roll Back and BKT 5PL flow to decrease loss for reducing provisioning and growing profit of Company.
* Manging Mobile Receipt Process & downloading targets to Team to achieve target goal.
* Sending Daily, Weekly & monthly MIS to Team & reports to higher managers.
--- Page Break ---
* Organization : Bajaj Finance Ltd.
* Industry : Banking & Finance
* Designation : Area Manager Collections (GCL)
* Duration : From 08 Dec 2016 to 13 Jan 19
* e Managing collection profile for bucket 2 to 5 PL portfolio.
* e Managing Collection for PL with Team of 3 reporting Managers.
* e Achieve collection targets of the respective assigned bucket all parameters cases Roll back, expired and Nil Pos
* collection for reducing provisioning and growing profit of Company.
* e Manging Mobile Receipt Process & downloading targets to Team to achieve target goal.
* e Sending Daily, Weekly & monthly MIS to Team & reports to higher managers.
* e Managing collection profile for bucket 2 to 6 with base 9000 customers & POS of Rs 7.0 cr.
* e Managing Collection for CD & PL with Team of 4 reporting Managers.
* e Achieve collection targets of the respective assigned bucket all parameters, CD/PL cases Roll back, expired and
* Nil Pos collection for reducing provisioning and growing profit of Company.
* e Manging Receipt book, Process & downloading targets to Team to achieve target goal.
* Sending Daily, Weekly & monthly MIS to Team & reports to higher managers
* Organization : Reliance Communication Ltd. - Pune, Maharashtra
* Industry : Telecommunication
* Designation : Zonal Operation Manager.
* Duration : From 27 Sep 2010 to 30 April 2012.
* e Managing collection profile for 10 zones of Pune-1 cluster billing of 1.98 Cr. and base of 24000
* customers. Monitoring timely bill delivery to enhance due date performance.
* e Ensuring & adhering to Credit policy norms of Customer creation; Credit Dunning &
* Collections of Bucket 0-30 days.
* Reducing barring for enhancing revenue generation.
* Managing Collections (0-90 bucket) through Retail Business Store.
* Looking after Customer Life Cycle Management. (Login to Termination)
* Managing Collection, Retention, C-Sat, Churn, Store Ambience, and Customer care for Both CDMA
--- Page Break ---
* Organization
* Industry
* Designation
* Duration
* Organization
* Industry
* Designation
* Duration
* & GSM services. Responsible for overall collection efficiency.
* : Exalt Technologies, Pune
* : Telecommunication
* : Floor Manager.
* : From 6 Jan 2009. To 23 Sept 2010
* Handling inbound process for Reliance communications Itd (Mah & Goa Circle). Which includes
* Channel Partners helpline for Prepaid, Postpaid, and R-del support.
* To ensure perfect representation of client demands through proper escalation & co-ordination.
* To improve long-term growth and profitability through a superior understanding of customer
* behavior & escalating the issue properly, thereby, help to increase customer delight which results in
* Client satisfaction.
* Proficiently taking care of MIS, like Daily, Weekly & monthly reports & Analysis as per client’s
* requirement.
* Ensuring proper training and implementation of all the processes to the entire staff.
* Looking after call quality of each and every agent on daily basis.
* Insuring abandon ratio to be below 2%.
* Making daily reason wise pendency report and accordingly coordinating with DAKC for issue
* resolution.
* : Reliance Communications Ltd. Pune
* : Telecommunication
* : Team Leader
* : From 12 Mar 2007. To 5 Jan 2009
* Handling inbound call center of prepaid escalation for Maharashtra & Goa Circle which includes 7
* Cluster office, 19 WW, 120 WWE s & Mini stores.
* Handling a team of 20 CSR’s
* Keeping an eye on daily call flow and service level.
* Responsible to maintain attrition level below seat level.
* Preparing seat allocation roster to ensure maximum utilization of seats.
* Keeping track record of every individual performance on daily/weekly/monthly basis.
* Preparing circle level reports like F.E. report, Quality and communication report, transfer out calls report.
* To co-ordinate with the cluster team & Reliance WW, WWE to ensure perfect representation of client
* demands through proper escalation.
* Insuring first time resolution of disputes for each and every call.
* Keeping follow up with backend support executive for daily dispute report So that each & every
* dispute must be resolved within SIA.
* Responsible to publish top CSR’s list on weekly/monthly basis.
* Responsible for arranging Rewards and Recognition function on monthly basis.
--- Page Break ---
* Organization
* Industry
* Designation
* Duration
* : Reliance Web World
* : Telecommunication
* : Store Manager
* : From 14 May 2004. To 10 Mar 2007
* Handling Customer Care Executives, FOS (Sales) in the Web World.
* Making Daily Dispute Report and send it to Customer Care Department on regular basis.
* Keeping follow up with Team leaders (Customer care) by mapping daily dispute reports that each &
* every dispute must be resolved within 48 hours.
* Daily meeting for 15 minutes in the evening with all customer care executives to discuss about the
* problems on behalf of customers in Web World.
* To take care of all service-related issues with due attention and providing resolution as per TAT.
* Meeting Corporate for negotiations & finalizations of deal.
* Sales Planning, it involves making new strategy to boost the sales time to time. Reporting to the
* Reliance Sales Executive on daily basis.
* To fulfill all the targets given by company like sales, Collection & H/S up gradation.
* Caf Management (Postpaid & Prepaid).
* Academic Qualification: Graduate: B.SC (Chemistry)


## Strengths

* : Knowledge of M.S. Office and well versed with Internet Applications.
* Communication Skill.
* Presentation Skill.
* Result oriented work.
* Leadership and Team spirit.
* Planning & executing same


## Personal Details

* Name
* Gender
* Date of Birth
* Marital Status
* Permanent Address
* Mobile
* Language Known


## Date

* Place: Pune
* : Pramod Bhagwan Avhad
* : Male
* : 12™ Aug 1978
* : Married
* : Flat no 404, GRACIA. Opp. Forest County, Kharadi Pune 411014.
* : 9595702929
* : English, Hindi and Marathi
* Yours Faithfully
* (Pramod Avhad)

