# 28230_121_dineshayyappancv2022111728

## Contact Information



## Dinesh Ayyappan

* Mobile : +91 9539466999
* Date Of Birth : 27/04/1989
* Language Fluency : English, Malayalam, Tamil
* Nationality : Indian
* Email ID : dineshdheena88@gmail.com
* To Pursue a challenging career in a progressive environment in the ever-competitive industries and to put good use
* of my knowledge


## Education

* e Bachelor of Business Management (BBM), Specialized in Commerce, Accounts and Finance
* Sree Narayana Guru college Bharathiar University June 09-Apr 12


## Experience

* e Completed 45 days internship training in column Advertising Agency.


## Training

* Worked in HDFC Bank as Sales Officer for 1 years. 2014 to 2015
* e = Selling of SHG Loans to help to improve there self-business.
* e Prospecting and identifying new leads and pitching to the clients.
* e Sells and oversees securities transactions for customers of banks and credit unions.
* e = Explain, sell and execute banking securities products.
* e Serve asa liaison between the bank and its securities customers.
--- Page Break ---
* Worked in Indusind bank as Collection Excecutive (carloans) From jan 20-2016
* to Apr 10-2017
* e Private car loans collection in palakkad.
* e Maintain status reports, daily activity matrix and calls/follow ups made.
* e (to 90 bucket cases
* 6 months worked CANARA HSBC OBC life insurance as a Sales Officer from may 18- 2017 to
* Nov 30 2017
* e Attend meetings, seminars and programs to learn about new products and services.
* e Callon policyholders to deliver and explain policy, to analyze insurance program and suggest additions or
* changes or to change beneficiaries.
* e Monitor insurance claims to ensure they are settled equitably for both the client and the insurer.
* e Sell various types of insurance policies to businesses and individuals.
* Worked in BELSTAR MICRO FINANCE LTD as a Reginal Manager from march 16 2018 to
* august 03 2021
* e Joint in March16 2018 as a buffer Branch manager (Palakkad)
* e June 01 2018. Conformed Branch manager
* e December 01 2019. Promoted as a Regional Manager Kottayam & Pathanamthitta
* District
* Presenty working in poonawalla Fincorp Itd from August 16" 2021
* e Reginoal Collection manager palakkad district
* e Newcar, used car , commercial vehicle recovery 31-90 bucket collection
* e Legal section and REPO Section
--- Page Break ---
* e Cricket Played For Palakkad dist. Team. 2006 - 2008
* e Active Participation in Sports.
* Areas of Interest
* e Marketing & Sales ground
* e Financial Market, Finance and Accounts ground.


## Skills

* e Computer knowledge : Basics of Computer knowledge, MS Office, and MS Excel Office
* Secretory.
* e Operating system: Windows 95, 98, 2000, XP, vista and internet.
* | hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

