# 28592_120_rakeshcv12022111623

## Contact Information



## Rakesh Kumar Chaubey

* Email ID: rakeshkumarchaubey123 @gmail.com
* Contact: 9013006886
* Credit & Operations Manager, Seeking roles in Banking Operations, Credit card Operations, Corporate Banking, Retail
* Banking, Loan Operations & Back Office Operations Business Analytics and MIS maintenance.


## Core Competencies

* Managing Credit Card business
* Monthly Business Review
* Inspection of Reports
* Comprehension of Client queries
* Report Analysis
* MIS Maintenance
* Receipt Books maintenance.
* Data Analysis
* Documentation & Reporting
* Team Building
* Affiliate Revenue & Distribution Sales


## Achievements

* Dynamo Award for the Quarter Q1 in
* 2015. Quarter Q4 in 2016. Quarter Q1


## & Q2 2017

* Role Model and Top Performer in 2015
* Role Model and Strong Performer in
* 2016
* Role Model and Top Performer in 2017
* Role Model and Top Performer in 2018
* Best Support Manager in Pan India
* 2019
* Champion of Month in Month of
* March-22


## Academic Details

* Graduate in BA from Gorakhpur University
* (2003)
* 12™ Passed in 2000
* 10" Passed in 1998


## Summary

* >
* Result-driven professional leveraging of over 15 years of experience in
* evaluating business requirements and delivering solutions to Customers /
* client queries, Process Operations Product & Channel Management
* Provided leadership direction in credit card operations, document
* verification.
* Expertise in provide business support through the data analysis and
* coordination of document control
* Rapid adaptability & positive attitude towards change and new environments
* Managing Process Channel Management Payouts Employees Incentives Operations
* MIS Products


## Experience

* Working in Poonawalla Fincorp LTD as Senior Manager from November 2021 to
* till data Unsecured Business
* Aug'19 — Nov'21 with Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited as Operation &
* Sales Coordination Manager
* Key Result Areas-
* > Developing, Implementing & Monitoring plans & key strategies/initiatives for
* the zone/region. Presently Looking to 14 State UP,UK, BHR & JKD. West
* Bengal, Sikkim and Totally North & East 7 State.
* > Supporting management with key analysis on Deals, Agreement signing,
* collections, and market snapshots to facilitate management to have brief
* overview of key numbers.
* > Managing monthly MIS, consisting of Revenue targets vs achievements,
* Collections Competitor Revenue with Monthly Presentation with Head CRO.
* > Coordinating with State/Region/Zonal Heads for various data points and
* information collation/sharing etc.
* > Analyzing the performance of zones and giving feedback to the business head.
* June'14 — Aug'19 with HSBC Bank as a Support Manager in North India
* Key Result Areas-
* > Managing overall Credit Cards business for North India All Relevant with Bank
* Policy & Procures
* > Maintaining and coordinating All MIS which Published to Regional Head and
* All Sales Manager with RM wise
* > Ensure All Credit Card Applications Sent to Final Processing Without Any
* Discrepancy
* > Daily Credit Cards Application Check with All Norms Relevant Bank To Policy
* And KYC and KKYC
* > Support to New Joining for Training and Help to Understand about the
* business
* > Maintaining Data Analyses to Down Approval Rate for North India Level
* > Ensure All Credit Cards Application and Also Including Personal Lone File Scan
* and Uploaded in Omni Scan and Omni Flow Which Bank System
* > Co-Ordination with Operation Team in (Chennai) For Fast Approval to Credit
* Cards Customer Applications.
--- Page Break ---
* Vv
* Managing MBR (Monthly Business Review) for North India Review with
* National Head.
* Tracking All MIS to Published to Regional Head Level and Sales SM Level
* Ensure a consistently high level of product and service delivery for relevant
* customer/sales touch points.
* Creating & Sharing key performance data of staff with leadership team across
* critical performance evaluation parameters viz logins, issuances, WIPs,
* discrepancies etc.
* Managing the team of 20 FTEs in absence of the Sales Manager
* Creating & Sharing key performance data of staff with leadership team across
* critical performance evaluation parameters viz logins, issuances, WIPs,
* discrepancies etc
* Minimizing operational errors and discrepancies in applications submitted
* with a focus on minimizing pre login discrepancies through preparation and
* follow-up on resolution techniques.
* Feb'10 — June'14 with Netambit Infosource and E-Services Pvt. Ltd. as Senior
* Business Manager
* Key Result Areas-
* >
* >
* >
* >
* Managing overall Insurance business for all the companies partnered with Net
* Ambit.
* Analyzing the business volumes under different categories such as Market,
* Sales, and Tele sales
* Tracking the Log-Ins & Issuances in liaison with the Regional Sales Managers all
* over India
* Ensuring minimum 90% Issuances in liaison with Sales Heads of various
* regions
* Recoveries to minimize the Dead Business by addressing the Customer’s
* Grievances
* Preparing the various Conversion Reports to analyze the Performances at
* different levels
* Handling & successfully resolving all post sales customer queries.
* May’08 — Jan’10 with HSBC Bank (Personal Loan Collection)
* Key Result Areas-Responsible for maintaining M.I.S.at country level coordination
* with various Regional Managers regarding daily numbers updates.
* >
* Direct coordination with the Head Office, Central Unit & Finance Team.
* Responsible for Billing, Compliance & Audit related documentation.
* Ensuring all reversals& transfers as per the agreed timelines, taking necessary
* approvals as per the empowerment matrix.
* Coordination & tracking of all Legal Notices/Cases and further appropriate
* action initiated immediately after the expiry of the notice period.
* Maintenance and reconciliation of recovery of WOFF A/C on daily basis.
--- Page Break ---


## Key Responsibilities

* Strategizing and driving marketing and channel management effort for both,
* DSA & Direct unsecured SME loan Business
* Managing Employees Incentive
* A member of core group responsible for formulating strategic and business
* planning, market analyses, forecasting and performance management.
* Leading team to design, develop, socialize, launch, and monitor:
* DSA payout & policies.
* Sales contests along with business heads for both internal and external
* stakeholders
* Incentive Parameters for sales teams to align personal incentives with
* balanced organizational goals
* ="  Data-Intel: dashboarding, monitoring, & strategizing with the aim to.
* > Enhance Sales Team Productivity and process-efficiencies
* > Improve DSA/Direct Distribution, DSA/Direct Penetration, DSA/Direct
* stakeholder Engagement
--- Page Break ---


## Personal Details

* Date of Birth: 26" Sept 1984


## Languages

* Address: 1/9668-B, UGF Street # 6
* Pratap Pura, West Rothas Nagar, Shahdara,
* New Delhi-110032.
* > Handling over 400 corporate & retail channel partners and directly responsible
* for increasing per channel business contribution and Payouts Related to any
* Query
* > Handling Over 20 CPA People for Personal Loans Business


## Vvvv Vv

* Daily maintenance of Receipt Books issue/received.
* Preparing and Checking of FFS proposals on daily basis for entire North Region
* Maintaining and coordinating closure of accounts.
* Co-Ordination with assigned Vendors and Agency Managers
* help collections activity as tool
* Review the agency operation and performance as per the ‘DCA guidelines.
* Ensure retention of an acknowledgement from the agency proprietor of his
* having received the ‘DCA guidelines’.
* Daily maintenance of ID card issue/received and maintains proper records as
* per the format. Coordinating the issuance and requirement for the entire
* region.
* Preparing/Checking FFS proposal on daily basis for the entire north and
* maintaining and coordinating with the proper’ track of
* approval/rejection/discrepancy and coordination for closure of accounts.
* Feb’07 — Apr’08 with | Process India (Unit of ICICI bank)
* Key Result Areas-


## Vvvvvv V

* M.I.S Preparation, Billing and Compliances at regional level.
* Maintaining staff related documentation at regional level.
* Regular review for collection bounces cheques collected by all the agencies.
* Coordination with Regional Managers for daily updates.
* Handling all the activities related to Statutory Audit of the Bank.
* Coordination with the City-Managers and Agencies at regional level.
* Direct coordination with the Head Office.
* Apr’05 — Jan’07 with Empower Financial Services (Associate of ABN- AMRO Bank)
* Key Result Areas-
* >
* >
* >
* >
* Managing all Backend functions for the Credit Cards division.
* Preparing MIS for Delhi Gold team, Card Bookings etc. on Daily Basis.
* Distribution of Pre-Qualified Database to Sales Officers for Leads ads
* Generation.
* Publishing of Referred & Declined Application MIS. Handling & successfully
* resolving all customers’ queries regarding Credit Cards.
* Sep’04 — Apr’05 with Bank of Punjab
* Key Result Areas-


## Vvvv Wv

* Handling Direct Interface with the customers.
* Handling all procedure for Allotment of lockers
* Making all Transfer and Clearing entries
* Collection of all outstation Cheques.
* Handling Issue of cheque books.
* PLACE: New Delhi


## Signature

--- Page Break ---

