# Prashant Jain

## Contact Information

* Contact No: +91 9928073266 | Personal Email ID: prashant12jain@gmail.com | Currently Posted at:


## Profile

* e Enforcement and adherence of company process and product policy at Centralized Level
* e Finding new areas of improvement to increase the productivity and minimize the cost.
* e Maintaining database quality for Analysis on Portfolio Quality and Identifying Key Risk indicators.
* e Standardization of Internal Formats and Redesign Process for smooth functioning.
* e Expertise in Ms Excel and its Function


## Area Of Expertise

* e Loan Underwriting: Personal and Two e Process Management and Redesign
* Wheeler Loans


## Training

* e Vendor Management
* e Centralized Process Management
* e Process and Policy Implementation e Team Building & Mentoring
* © Data Quality Management e Cost Savings Measures and Initiatives
* Acting as Master Trainer to End User’s for FinnOne & CRM Application
* Executing CRM Next UAT which includes Testing of Various Screen and Stages, Fields
* Validation, Creating Rules for correct Data Entry.
* Verifying Field Mapping for Data Flow from CRM Next to Omni Flow
* Creating BRE Rule basis Product Policy and Testing for correctness
* Acting as Master Trainer to End User’s for FinnOne Software
* Setup Process for Centralized Two-Wheeler Loan from Login to Underwriting to Booking of
* Loan for 118 Branches across India
* Maintaining prescribe TAT of Approval and Booking
* Coordinating with various Vendor for Verification located at across 118 location.
* Reviewing K YC document required for Loan Agreement as per RBI Guidelines and Company
* Policy.
* Scanning and reviewing of various documents provide along with Loan application to avoid
* Fraud’s.
* Coordination with various departments like — IT (Technical Team of FICCL and SGS) in terms
* of System Enhancement and Technical Issues related to Process improvement.
* Monitoring and maintaining Standardization Data Compiling for Analysis and Management.
* Time to Time reviewing, monitoring, and improving the Process Flow to reduce overall TAT
* and increase productivity.
* Portfolio Analysis for improvement in Product Behavior
* Monitoring of ECS and Physical Files Managements from receiving to storage.
* Handling and conducting Audit for Process and Loan Underwriting
* Handled Under-Writing for Salaried Personal Loan Applications from Centralized Hub located
* locally at Jaipur.
* Monitoring and handing entire Operational activities from Files Review to Issuing of Loan
--- Page Break ---
* Oo 0 0 0
* amount Disbursement Cheque to Customer for Personal Loan.
* Conducting Training for Branch Sales Team and Associates Channels.
* Implementation of New Process and changes related to Loan Process.
* Conducting Personal Discussion (PD) for High ticket size cases with Customer.
* Preparing Presentation and Monthly Data compilation for Rajasthan State as and when
* required
* Credit Manager - Personal Loans, Reliance Consumer Finance, Jaipur, Sep 2007 to Dec 2008
* Enforcement and adherence of the company process and product policy at the branch level
* Preparing of daily working Report / MIS for the Location
* Handling HR related queries and Payroll Management for Reporting Team
* Successfully implementation of Business Process Management System (BPMS) in Ludhiana.
* Credit Relationship Manager—Personal Loans, GE Money Financial Service Ltd, Noida, May 2007 to
* Aug 2007


## Achievement

* e Awarded as “Best of the Best Employee of the Year” in 2019.
* e Awarded consecutively for 5 time with “CEO Elite” Award from 2015 to 2020
* e Awarded as “Star-Credit Manager — Personal Loans” for July 2008 across the country


## Education

* Institution Name Date of Result
* University of Rajasthan ( B.A) — Non Collegiate 16-06-2005
* National Institution of Computer Application 15-03-2002
* Tagore Public School (Sr Secondary) 25-05-2001
* Tagore Public School (Secondary) 07-06-1999
--- Page Break ---


## Experience

* Senior Business Architect - Perfios Software Solution Pvt Ltd, Mumbai since April 2021 till date
* o Currently working on project of building ePlatform end to end Digital (Web/Mobile App)
* journey for one of the lead PSU Bank having 100+ products.
* o ePlatform includes customer journey with In-Principal approval and Straight Through
* Processing till Disbursement basis new/existing customer condition.
* o Implementing complete end to end Loan Origination solution for Non STP Application and
* Application sourced through various channel like Lead Aggregator, Manufacturer for
* Vehicle loan, Social Media Platform like Twitter , Facebook , Instagram
* o Handling team of 4 member as Business Analyst (BA) for requirement gathering.
* o Integration of various API external / internal to bank for seamless customer journey.
* AVP — Project Management Office, Fullerton India Credit Company Ltd, Mumbai from June2009 to
* Mar 2021
* Activities carried since June 2009 till Date in Fullerton India Credit Company as Credit Manager,
* Senior Credit Manager and Senior Manager — Credit System and Technology
* o Implemented End to End loan processing using FinnOne API Integration Project.
* o Completed Rural Micro Finance business migration in FinnOne and process setup for Rural
* business in FinnOne.
* o Completed the integration of Deduplication Software — Posidex with 5 core applications 1.e.
* BRMFO & BRNET used for Rural business, FinnOne Retail, FinnOne Corporate and
* CRMLOS application used for Urban business along with migration of 1.75Cr of records
* o Implemented TW Sales Mobile App journey of Frontline Sales Officer for sourcing application
* directly from Dealer counter and provide In-Principle Approval under Digital Initiative Project
* o Completed the execution of BOT based Loan Processing in FinnOne under Digital Initiative
* Project
* o Implemented Online Hunter Integration with CRM Next Application under Digital Initiative
* Project
* o Implemented Online Document Screen Process for Fraud Department under Digital Initiative
* Project
* o Implemented customer journey for Express Loan (Mobile App) project under Digital Initiative
* Project
* o Implemented Mobile based sourcing of application for Personal Loan , Mortgage , Home Loan
* (FIHFC) , Commercial Vehicle and Two Wheeler loan under Digital Initiative Projects
* o Completed Instant Disbursal Process (Mobile App) for existing customer under Digital
* Initiative Project
* o Completed Online Web Lending Platform under Digital Initiative Project
* o Implemented CRM Loan Origination System where End to End application processing was
* automated for Self as well as Fintech Partners.
--- Page Break ---
* Oo O


## Oo 00 00 0

* O00 0 0 oO O Oo 0 90 0 O
* oO O


## O

* Oo 0 90 0
* Integration and processing design of Alliance/Partnership based lending under Fintech’s Tie-up
* Project.
* Completed FinnOne Implementation for FIHFC Product (Housing Loan)
* Completed FinnOne Loan Origination System Implementation and User Training
* Successfully implemented Centralized TW Loan Process for Underwriting and Operations for
* 118 Branches.
* Implementation of FinnOne for Personal Loan, Mortgages, SME
* Managing API integration with various partners and alliance under Digital Initiative Project
* Had led the team of 6 Officers for Online Lending - Centralized Underwriting
* TAT Monitoring for Digital Application along with weekly Training.
* Data Analysis for new policy implementation or process change
* Part of HFC (Housing Finance) FinnOne Implementation Team - Risk.
* Executing FinnOne UAT which includes Testing of Various Screen and Stages, Fields
* Validation, Creating Rules for correct Data Entry.
* System BRD preparation for New Project, Digital Initiative basis policy change and market
* requirement.
* Requirement gathering and Master Maintenance.
* Verifying Field Mapping for Data Flow from CRM Next to FinnOne
* Identifying Gap in Existing Process in respect FinnOne Process and Re-Design the same
* Working on various Interface like Connect+ for CIBIL, SAS for Dedupe, OMNI DOCS for
* Document Scanning and Upload, CRM Next for Data Flow and identify gaps correctness.
* Creating BRE Rule on Eligibility Calculation and Deviation basis Product Policy and Testing
* for correctness in FinnOne
* Oo 0 90 0
* Undertaking underwriting of Personal Loan application specially Salaried Profile.
* Organizing Monthly Review Meeting of Portfolio in respect to Delinquency/Losses/Fraud with
* Sales Manager and Collection Manager.
* Review of existing credit policy with learning’s from portfolio analysis, RCU/FCU etc
* Conducting Channel (DSA) & Vendor visit Policy Training to CPA executive and FI (Field
* Handling Branch Salaried Personal Loan Underwriting.
* Improve the Portfolio quality by undergoing Data Analysis
* Monitoring for Operation activities of the Branch.
* Junior Officer - Auto & Personal Loan, ADFC Pyt Ltd (Subsidiary of HDFC Bank),Oct 2005 to April
* 2007
* CPA & CPV Management:-Co-ordination with CPA (Credit Processing Agency) & CPV
* (Customer Point Verification) Agencies situated at across Rajasthan, Conducting training on
* any new process implemented, monitoring of TAT prescribed for every CPV & Charging of
* Penalty for not maintaining TAT, Maintaining smooth working and understanding in-between
* CPA & CPV Agency.
* Vendor’s Management:-Maintain Healthy relation with 13 CPA, 19 CPV, 05 External
* Dedupe, 03 PFI Agencies & 13 Valuator situated across Rajasthan. Vendor Bills & Payments
* Management for entire Rajasthan. Solving various queries raised by the Vendors while
* implementing any new policy and process.
* Data Compilation/MIS/Reports:-Generating of Dedupe for each and every cases for Jaipur,
* Ajmer, Kota, Alwar & Udaipur, Data compilation for 18 major locations that includes
* Rajasthan, Punjab, Haryana & Jammu for Personal Loans & 34 Locations (HUB & Spokes) of
* Rajasthan for Auto Loans, Preparation of MIS related to Credit, TAT, Delinquencies, Costing,
* and Wastage etc.

