# CurriculumVitae

## Contact Information

* E-mail— magadumvijayO8@gmail.com


## Objective

* A career with exploration of abilities to achieve goals and glory for my employer and myself
* with job satisfaction and acknowledgement of work.


## Profile

* e Master of Business Administration (MBA) under the Commerce faculty, fulltime course
* from the Bharati Vidyapeeth, IMRDA Sangli, affiliated to the Bharati Vidyapeeth University,
* Pune.
* e Bachelor of Arts (B.A) under the Arts faculty, full time course from the P.D.V.P Mahavidyalay,
* Tasgaon affiliated to the Shivaji University Kolhapur.


## Experience

* Poonawalla Fincorp Itd
* Designation: OPERATION EXECUTIVE
* Duration: 16 Oct 21 to till date
* JobProfile:operation activities BusinessLoan(PersonalLoan andBusiness Loan and LoantoProfessional)
* Quality management analysis by KRI report preparation
* POC back up certification monthly regulation
* ¢ Audit conduction based on required compliance conditions
* « Processing files as per policy.
* ¢ Disbursal cases from DSA & Online Leads
* Motivating and mentoring team to achieve their targets with quality and compliance.
* « Identify process gaps and implement measures to reduce cost, manpower and improve TAT.
* ¢ Daily maintaining reports to managers, supervisors
* ¢ Preparing disbursal memo in system and send for final authorization.
--- Page Break ---


## Tata Capital Financial Service Ltd

* Designation: OPERATION EXECUTIVE
* Duration: 23 July 2019 14 oct 2021
* Job Profile: Credit and operation activities Used Car Loan (UCL and BL and PL)
* « Processing files as per policy.
* ¢ Disbursal cases from DSA & Online Leads
* ¢ UCL Cases disbursement under RC Limit & Non RC Limit
* Auditing cases for pendency in documents
* ¢ Motivating and mentoring team to achieve their targets with quality and compliance.
* « Identify process gaps and implement measures to reduce cost, manpower and improve TAT.
* ¢ Screening the files through hard copy as well as soft copy.
* ¢ Solving all queries with the help of sales and credit team.
* ¢ Preparing disbursal memo in system and send for final authorization.
* ¢ Daily maintaining reports to managers, supervisors
* « Make repayment entries such as PDC, SPDC and mandate details in SFDC and Finnone (LMS).


## Poonawalla Finance

* Designation: CREDIT ANALYST
* Duration: 01-March-19 to14 June19
* Job Profile: Creditactivities BusinessLoan(PersonalLoan andBusiness Loan and LoantoProfessional)
* « Processing files as per policy.
* ¢ Login cases from DSA & Online Leads
* « Auditing cases for pendency in documents
* Coordinating with branches for speedy Login and CAM underwriting.
* « Motivating and mentoring team to achieve their targets with quality and compliance.
* « Identify process gaps and implement measures to reduce cost, manpower and improve TAT
* TAB CAPITAL (Margin Poonawala finance)
* Designation: CPA
* Duration: 15-Jun-18 to 30-April-19
* Job Profile: Credit and Operational activities Auto Loan(PersonalLoan, BusinessLoan , Two-Wheeler Loan )
* Managing of disbursement of Retail loans in prescribed TAT with quality
* Coordinating with branches for speedy disbursement and CAM underwriting.
--- Page Break ---
* ¢ Motivating and mentoring team to achieve theirtargets with quality and compliance.
* « Identify process gaps and implement measures to reduce cost, manpower and improve TAT.
* « Managing team 3 employees for Fl activities (PUNE).
* ¢ Publish various reports and MIS’s to measure TAT’s and identify process gaps.


## Icici Bank (I-Process Services Pvt Ltd)

* Designation: CPA MANAGER
* ¢ Duration: 23-Oct-2017 to 14-Jun-18
* ¢ Job Profile: Credit and Operational Activities Auto Loan (New Car, Used Car and PL)
* ¢ Day to day administration activities
* « Managing of disbursement of Retail loans in prescribed TAT with quality.
* ¢ Documents for Disbursal process.
* ¢ Verification of authorized signatories, id-Proofs, and other bank details for disbursal process
* ¢ Daily maintaining reports to managers, supervisors.
* ¢ Handling post documents like PDC, SPDC and NACH mandate.
* ¢ Working knowledge on Finnone, Aps and I-disburse technology


## Qualifications

* Institution | Board/ University Specialization
* Bharati Vidyapeeth
* 2015- | IMRDA, Deemed University Finance and 7.22
* MBA 17 SANGLI Pune marketing CGPA | B+


## Pdvp

* 2013- | college Shivaji university Arts Political
* 15 Tasgon Kolhapur science 55.5 | Second Class
* Project Title — A Study of loan & Advances (Major Project)


## Project Details

* with special reference to Sangli District Central Co-Operative Bank Ltd. Sangli.
* Submitted to Bharati Vidyapeeth University, Pune. (For the fulfillment for thedegree of M.B.A.)
--- Page Break ---


## Personal Details

* Name — Mr. Vijay Bhargav Magdum
* Current address A/P- Katraj
* al- Haveli, Dist-Pune
* Date of Birth 03 November 1993
* Gender Male


## Declaration

* | hereby state that above information is Correct to the best of my knowledge.


## Date

* Place: Pune
* Mr.Vijay B.Magdum

