# 28821_121_resume2022111653

## Contact Information



## Curriculum Vitae

* H. No. E - 322, Sec. 15, NOIDA,
* (U.P.) Pin code: 201301
* Contact: 9717916329
* Email: prembishtl10@yahoo.com


## Objective

* Finding an Attractive and Dynamic job where I can fully use my Experience and Education and
* Supportive Environment that would enable me to make progress through gaining a new professional


## Experience

* Varinda Papers Pvt. Ltd.
* Address : B-64, Sector 67, Noida, U.P.
* Span of year : 29" April-2021 to continue
* Designation : Warehouse Incharge
* Responsibilities
* e Maintain high customer satisfaction levels through excellence in dispatching,
* identifying, receiving, and ensuring quality of products.
* Control and organize storage and inventory space.
* Define staffing needs and allocate workload
* Prepare, pack, schedule, and route orders for delivery
* Work with management teams to observe disciplinary issues, attendance, and
* performance of direct reports
* e Monitor stock levels in order to highlight minimum and excess levels
* Hanaro Logistics Private Limited
* Address : A-5, Sector 67, Noida, U.P.
* Span of year : Nov. 2016 to Nov. 2019
* Designation : Warehouse Executive
* Responsibilities
* Stock movement (inward & outward) entries in inventory management software.
* Managing dispatches & preparing required dispatch docs.
* Ensuring 100% accuracy of physical stock & stock in inventory management system
* Preparing product & cartons labels for stock in- warding.
* Daily activity planning - stock, manpower, truck supervise picking, truck loading,
* manpower assignment and dispatch to customer locations
--- Page Break ---


## Ceragem India Pvt. Ltd.

* Address : Plot no. 117, Ecotech-HI, Greater Noida, U.P.
* Span of year : Oct. 2011 to Nov. 2016
* Designation : Warehouse Executive
* Responsibilities
* e Handling Incoming and outgoing flow of materials to customers All over
* India with a team of 5 subordinates.
* e Coordinating with Marketing & Accounts department for smooth flow of
* incoming and outgoing material. .
* Dispatching/Issuing of material using techniques of FIFO.
* Arrange Spare parts materials in a systematic manner.
* Appointment of Transporters, courier companies etc for dispatch of material.
* MIS report submission on Stock Valuation.
* Fill road permit form according to state during dispatch time.
* DGS Marketing.
* Address : Plot no. 6, Mohan Nagar Ghaziabad.
* Span of year : Jan. 2010 to Oct. 2011.
* Designation : Warehouse Coordinator
* Responsibilities
* e Responsible for quality control, No damaged product is sent out. No
* damaged raw material is accepted in.
* e Planning and monitoring the storage, delivery and dispatch of orders
* e Receive Materials, Physically count and check the material.
* e Update the Bin Card and maintain daily stock register.
* EXL Services.Com (I) Pvt. Ltd.
* Address : A-98, Sector — 58, NOIDA.
* Span of year : Nov. 2003 to Mar. 2009
* Designation : Insurance Associate
* Responsibilities
* e As a part of Insurance Team the responsibility is to process the
* applications/policies, we receive from the client and provide basic support.
* e Quality checking of insurance applications for the team.
* e Providing job related training to the newly joined employees.
--- Page Break ---
* Innodata (1) Pvt. Ltd.
* Span of year : Jun. 1998 to Nov. 2003
* Address:- : A-15/16, Sector — 16, NOIDA.
* Designation : Data Processor.
* Responsibilities
* e Quality checking, data which is filled by the encoder.
* e Formatting .txt files into .htm files through HTML coding according to the
* requirements of the hard copy.
* e File handling as a coordinator.


## Education

* e Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Pass Delhi University
* (P.G. D.A.V. College, Nehru Nagar)
* e Senior Secondary passed from C.B.S.E. Delhi Board.
* (Harcourt Butler Sr. Sec. School,)
* e Higher Secondary passed from C.B.S.E. All India Board.
* (Sanjay Bal Vidhalya Public School, Noida)
* Professional Qualification
* Certificate Course in computer application from MICS Institute.
* Demographic Information
* Father’s Name Shri Dhunger Singh Bisht.
* Date of Birth : 14th October, 1974.
* Marital Status Married
* Nationality ; Indian
* Language Known English, Hindi.


## Date

* Place: . (PREM SINGH BISHT )

