# 28834_120_resumelavanya2022111615

## Contact Information



## Lavanya Vs

* +91 8197411315
* lavanyabnlr@gmail.com


## Objective

* To secure a role of a banker in a dynamic organization that provides me with a challenging
* work environment to work in a progressive & stimulating business environment that could
* leverage my technical & analytical skills and sharpen financial acumen to contribute,
* innovate, and manage change & challenges to faster the growth of the organisation & self.


## Education

* COURSE Board/University
* Bangalore University | 2018 |
* Karnataka PU Board | 2015
* SSLC Karnataka Secondary Education Examination Board


## Qualifications

* e Packages: M S Office, Excel.
* e Basic Knowledge of Computer & Internet.


## Skills

* e Comprehensive problem-solving abilities.
* e Ability to get through the situation wisely.
* e Attitude to learn and interested to lead group.
* e Ability to organize the events.


## Experience

* Organization : DHFL Sales and Services Ltd. (DHFL)
* Designation : Sales Coordinator
* Work Tenure : Since 01-Oct-2018 to 16-OCT-2021
--- Page Break ---
* JOB DESCRIPTION at DHFL Sales and Services Ltd. (DHFL)
* >
* Vv


## Vv Vv Vv Wv

* Preparing Sales MIS for Karnataka & Kerala Zone.
* Coordinating Across Locations & Cascading Daily Reports to Area & Regional
* Managers.
* Reporting Daily MIS to Entire Sales & Credit Team of Karnataka & Kerala Zone.
* Handling MIS Data for Karnataka & Kerala Zone Portfolio.
* Maintaining & Scrutinizing Daily Sales Report of Team.
* Coordinating with the Operations Team End to End Cases.
* Creating BRSC (Lead ID’s) for File Login.
* Verifying all login & Disbursement documents, before it goes to Credit team.
* Interacting with customer after approval of loan for post sanction document, like
* cheques some general documents/loan agreements and cross checking it.


## Employment

* Organization : POONAWALLA FINCORP LIMITED
* Designation : BOM for Business Loan
* Work Tenure : Since 21-Oct-2018 to Present
* JOB DESCRIPTION at POONAWALLA FINCORP LTD (PFL)
* >
* Cross checking the updated customer details once case moved to operations with
* customer KYC & company GST (if any corrections co-ordinating with Credit)
* If all clear initiating online Nach activation link and sanction letter agreement to
* customer
* Once all process done collecting cheques, Nach other documents and process for
* disbursement in finone
* > Clearing sanction condition of case and initiating for disbursement.
* Vv
* Vv VV WV
* Entering the Insurance and banking details in system & cross checking the details in
* system
* Supporting ABF & Auto Lease files product for disbursing the file.
* Checking the Repayments (ECS, NACH, SPDC) and dispatch to HO.
* Tracking the status of Repayment which sent to HO
* Maintain and preparing MIS of MNACH Activation and Disbursed cases data as daily
* Tracker for ROM.
* In Month End Supporting for LAP cases Disbursement.
--- Page Break ---


## Profile

* Date of Birth
* Sex
* Father Name
* Mother Name
* Nationality
* Marital Status


## Languages

* Present Address
* 23-08-1997
* Female
* Shivashankar P V
* Kasturi G
* Indian
* Single
* English, Telugu, Tamil, Kannada and Hindi (Manageable)
* No. 5/3, 3% Cross, R.K.Mutt Layout,
* K.G.Nagar, Bangalore — 560018.


## Declaration

* I hereby affirm that the above-mentioned information is true up to my best knowledge and I
* bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above mentioned particulars.
* Place: Bangalore

