# Ashutosh Kumar

## Contact Information

* E-mail:- ashutosh.baisla@gmail.com


## Objective

* To evolve as a competent and resourceful professional by working in a challenging corporate environment
* and to pursue a career that constantly provides me with new and diverse challenges.


## Profile

* An astute leader with over 12+ years of experience in Facility Management, General Administration ,
* Branch Expansion , Asset Management, Operation, Marketing , & Channel Sales.
* Demonstrated performance with executive novel ideas for employee’s welfare.
* Aneffective communicator with excellent problem solving & relationship management skills.
* +
* +
*
* +
*
* MBA — Marketing from Mysore University in 2009.
* PGP — International Business from Cosmic Business
* School, New Delhi in 2009.
* Bachelor in Science with from C.S.J.M. University,
* Kanpur in 2006.
* Intermediate from H.M.S. Islamia Inter College, Etawah
* U.P. Board in 2001.
* High School from H.M.S. Islamia Inter College, Etawah
* U.P. Board in 1999.


## Experience

* 1. POONAWALLA FINCORP LTD. Oct-21 — CONTINUE
* Role: Working as a State Admin Manager


## Key Responsibility Areas

* 1) Facilities Management
* Handle more than 15 branches of Haryana.
* +
*
* +
* +
* Supervising administration related activities including housekeeping, infrastructure management,
* facilities planning, security & utilization of resources of all branches.
* Arranging for necessary infrastructure involving purchase of capital equipment, managing relocation of
* the all office premises.
* Developing and negotiating with vendors, managing contracts for obtaining timely procurement of
* materials at favorable terms.
* Managing AMCs pertaining to upkeep of office equipment, ensuring compliance with the Service Level
* Agreements by the vendors.
* 2) Event Management
* +
* +
*
* Co ordinate for event management.
* Booking of Banquet Halls for / Events/ conferences/ sales meeting.
* Co ordinate with Marketing for Exhibitions and other Requirements
* 3) General administration
* ¢ + ##+ #4 j*# #4
* Manage and carryout all maintenance work at different offices.
* Propose and manage any modification or alteration required for different offices.
* Responsible for installation of new equipment’s such as A/C, office furniture, computers, printers, fax
* etc at new offices.
* Check and control the Annual maintenance contract for all printers at different locations.
* Coordinate for getting quotations from different suppliers for all admin related purchases.
* Prepare comparative statement for the same before selecting the vendor.
* Monitor and track for the renewal of any license, agreements, registrations / approval required for the
* operation of company’s business and for the procurement of any new license and approvals
* Professionally served as a liaison with the Government authorities such as HSIIDC, LABOUR COURT,
* ELECTRICITY DEPARTMENT, and POLICE for corporate and Emergency requirement.
* Disposal of the company’s fixed assets when agreed and according to applicable policies and approvals.
* Page 1 of 4
--- Page Break ---
* 1) Facilities Management
* Handle more than 120 branches of Delhi NCR.
* Supervising administration related activities including housekeeping, infrastructure management,
* facilities planning, security & utilization of resources of all branches.
* Arranging for necessary infrastructure involving purchase of capital equipment, managing relocation of
* the all office premises.
* Developing and negotiating with vendors, managing contracts for obtaining timely procurement of
* materials at favorable terms.
* ™* Managing AMCs pertaining to upkeep of office equipment, ensuring compliance with the Service Level
* Agreements by the vendors.
* 2) Event Management
* Coordinate for event management.
* Booking of Banquet Halls for / Events/ conferences/ sales meeting.
* Coordinate with Marketing for Exhibitions and other Requirements
* 3) General administration
* ™ Manage and carryout all maintenance work at different offices.
* Propose and manage any modification or alteration required for different offices.
* Responsible for installation of new equipments such as A/C, office furniture, computers, printers, fax etc
* at new offices.
* Check and control the Annual maintenance contract for all printers at different locations.
* Coordinate for getting quotations from different suppliers for all admin related purchases.
* Prepare comparative statement for the same before selecting the vendor.
* Monitor and track for the renewal of any license, agreements , registrations / approval required for the
* operation of company’s business and for the procurement of any new license and approvals
* Professionally served as a liaison with the Government authorities such as HSIIDC,LABOUR COURT,
* ELECTRICITY DEPARTMENT, and POLICE for corporate and Emergency requirement.
* Disposal of the company’s fixed assets when agreed and according to applicable policies and approvals.
* INDIA INFOLINE PVT. LTD. (GURGAON) OCT’14 — Jan-18
* Working as a Admin Manager
* 1.) Facilities Management
* Supervising administration related activities including housekeeping, infrastructure management,
* facilities planning, security & utilization of resources
* Arranging for necessary infrastructure involving purchase of capital equipment, managing relocation of
* the office premises.
* Developing and negotiating with vendors, managing contracts for obtaining timely procurement of
* materials at favorable terms.
* Managing AMCs pertaining to upkeep of office equipment, ensuring compliance with the Service Level
* Agreements by the vendors.
* Manage and carryout all maintenance work at HO Gurgaon.
* Propose and manage any modification or alteration required for HO Gurgaon.
* Responsible for installation of new equipments such as A/C, office furniture, computers, printers, fax etc
* at HO Gurgaon..
* ### ¢ ¢# €
* Page 2 of 4
--- Page Break ---
* + #e# ete ee #
*#¢e#e#e tte #t # #
* Coordination between different departments and sales team of Delhi-NCR, Haryana, and Rajasthan.
* Handling Office Vehicles, routine / on call cab.
* Company Vehicles Maintenance.
* Canteen & staff pantry management
* Contributed insights to marketing activities, promotes and monitored responses.
* Provisioning of utilities requirements of employees viz. Tea / Coffee Vending Machine, Water purifier,
* Stationary and Courier Services.
* Making Purchase Orders as per the MRO.
* Supervision of overall house keeping activities.
* Managing company guest house / service apartments.
* Consolidate / present monthly MIS report for management.
* Tracking expenses and ensure alignment with budget.
* Certify / verify vendor’s bills on proper measurement.
* Timely meeting with suppliers for their services & new rates negotiation
* Welfare Activities: Diwali Gifts, Movie Passes, Wedding Gifts, on job satisfactions, counselling, uniforms,
* etc.
* SHIVALIK TRADE (Mathura) Sep’10 — Dec’11
* Worked as Sales & Admin Officer for Samsung Mobile
* ## ee ee eee eee
* Processing of ID & Visiting Cards / Mail IDs of new joiners.
* Handling Invoicing, Creating & Managing stock transfer Order / stock transfer Notes.
* Prepairing daily / monthly Sales report for Zonal Manager.
* Check / verify travel expenses of sales persons and forwaded to accounts for payment.
* Handling Tour & Travels related documents.
* Maintaining and updating leave records.
* Organizing official parties / Conferences etc.
* Increased regional sales by up to 14 % in a one year period.
* Organized the opening of 3 new outlets across my territory.
* Holding weekly meetings and setting sales targets for individual reps and the whole team.
* Organizing and operating incentive schemes to keep sales people motivated.
* Involved in the recruitment and training process off new staff.
* IGB TECHNOLOGIES LTD. (Gurgaon) Sep ’09 — Aug’10
* Worked as a Relationship Officer
* Page 3 of 4
--- Page Break ---
* ¢* ¢ t+ #€ #¢ # €
*
* Spearheading efforts across developing healthy and
* strong business relations.
* Developing strategies to enlarge the core market
* base of the company.
* Successfully dealt and managed HNI Clients and
* achieved repeat business from them.
* Deftness in & effectuating business development
* plans for the purpose of achieving pre-designated revenue plans as well as cross selling of products
* Attending trade fairs, sales meeting and product
* seminars.
* Supervise customer service operations for rendering
* and achieving quality services.
* Instrumental in generating awareness for the
* products/ services provided through aggressive direct marketing efforts and product promotion and
* successfully increase the market share
* Assessing marketing opportunities, target markets,
* intelligence gathering.
* Successfully addressing customers’
* queries/complaints and evolving quick resolutions within minimum turnaround time.


## Role

* Updater Service Provider. (GURGAON) Jan-18 — Oct-21
* Role: Working as a Sr. Executive Admin for IIFL Project
* ¢ + ## 44
* Check and control the Annual maintenance contract for all printers at HO Gurgaon.
* Coordinate for getting quotations from different suppliers for all admin related purchases.
* Prepare comparative statement for the same before selecting the vendor.
* Monitor and track for the renewal of any license, agreements , registrations / approval required for the
* operation of company’s business and for the procurement of any new license and approvals
* Professionally served as a liaison with the Government authorities such as HSIIDC,LABOUR COURT,
* ELECTRICITY DEPARTMENT, and POLICE for corporate and Emergency requirement.
* Disposal of the company’s fixed assets when agreed and according to applicable policies and approvals.
* HCL INFOSYSTEMS PVT. LTD. (Noida) Jan’12 — June’14
* Working as a Operation,Marketing & Facility Coordinator


## Personal Details

* +
*
* +


## Date Of Birth

* 23rd January 1984.


## Marital Status

* Married


## Language Known

* English, Hindi
* | hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
* Place: Dated: Ashutosh Kumar
* Page 4 of 4

