# 28899_121_ajasnaresume122022111656

## Contact Information



## Idukki, Kerala, India

* Phone :(+91) 9947839666
* E-mail: ajas.n.a.44@gmail.com


## Objective

* To place myself in a position in an organization where in my skills and experience can be utilized to the
* maximum for the benefit of the organization while providing a base for personal and professional growth.


## My Pinnacle

* Self-confidence, Sincerity and Hardworking
* Ability to work under pressure and against deadlines.
* Strong ability to co-ordinate and lead multiple initiatives.
* Quantitative and analytical problem solving skills.
* Ability to deal with people diplomatically.
* An effective communicator and team leader combined with flexible and detail oriented attitude.


## Skills

* Proficient in MS Office
* Internet Savvy
* Typewriting & tally ERP 9


## Experience

* 6 months experience in KEY VEE ASSOCIATES. Tax practitioner. (1 may 2015 to 31* October 2015)
* Consumer preference in bike consumers in Idukki District. (B.Com)
* Organisational study at High Land Tea factory Idukki (MBA)
* Project on financial performance of dhanwanthariVaidyasala, Thodupuzha (MBA)


## Key Responsibilities

* Preparation of company’s financial statements and balance sheet for tally software.
* Office administration.
* Preparation of employee’s job structure and dividing the work.
* Clients payment details preparation.
--- Page Break ---
* 5 year Experience in WELLROCK ASSOCIATES. Finance department. (Team Leader) (Since 1 march
* 2016 to continuing)
* e Preparation of all allocation executive wise.
* e Doing kotak 4 wheeler collections 350 bckt list and 400 fresh list.
* e Achieving target 96% fresh allocation and 90% bckt allocation.in last month fresh allocation achieving
* 100%
* e Every month repossessed 3 or 4 vehicle Idukki and cochin location And all paper work done by the
* repossession
* e Executive coordination and help to any of the issues based on collection and repossession
* 1. Year two wheeler experience in same agency bussan auto finance done 300 fresh list and 250 bckt
* list.in the year 2016.
* Attending review meetings every month.
* Send feedback and allocation details to office and managers
* Result and achievements calculation done through excel sheet.
* Checking the executive work nature and reporting and commitment.


## Achievements

* NCC B and C certificate obtained for 16 Kerala battalion kottayam.
* Participated university volleyball championship.
* Captain of college football volleyball and cricket team.
* Winning 2 nd prize for marketing game at DCMAT COLLAGE
* Participated in Brand Quiz Competition held as part of Management Fest 2014 in sreenarayna collage Institute
* of Management.


## Training

* Attended 10 day training of the Indian Army for NCC at kottayam.
* Participated ’Luminance”’ All india management fest conducted in DC school of management and technology.
* Participated in SSB camp at Nagpur.
* Participated district football cricket and volleyball camps.


## Education

* e Master of Business Administration [MBA] (2013-2015)
* Specialisation :Finance and Marketing
* College : Viswajyothi College of Engineeringand Technology, Vazhakulam
* University : MG University,Kottayam
* nA. ..1.. . LLOS
--- Page Break ---
* e Bachelor of Commerce (2010-2013)
* Main : B.com (Tax)
* College : Government College,Kattappana
* University : MG University, Kottayam
* Marks : 60%
* e Plus Two (2007-2009)
* Group : Science
* School : Government Higher Secondary School,vazhathope
* Board : Kerala State
* Marks : 70%
* e SSLC (2007)
* School “St George HSS vazhathope
* Board : Kerala State
* Marks : 75%


## Personal Details

* Age and DOB : 28, 18/09/1992
* Sex : Male
* Marital Status : married
* Father Name : Assiss NE
* Mothers name ‘JameelaAssiss
* Religion > Muslim
* Citizenship > Indian
* Passport Details
* Passport No > L1533613


## Doe > 02/07/2023

* Languages known : English, Malayalam Tamil and Hindi
* Hobbies : Driving, Travel and sight-seeing, playing games.


## Decleration

* I,Ajas NA ,hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct up
* to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above
* mentioned particulars.
* With regards,
* Ajas NA

