# 29551_120_vineetkumarcv2022111619

## Contact Information



## Vineet Kumar

* Near Rangoli Garden, Jaipur
* Contact: +91 9315281663; Email: Vineet85856@gmail.com; Date of Birth: 1st July 1989
* Dear Sir/Mam
* lam submitting herewith my resume for your perusal and consideration for the post in your organization.
* Review of my credentials will indicate that | am a target-oriented individual with hands on experience in Risk Management,
* Fraud control, Investigation, Team handling, budget management, Query Handling, Data analysis, Office practices and
* procedures, business correspondence, recordkeeping of system & reports and documentations. Currently associated as
* Regional Head -RCU (FRM) — Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd.
* | am seeking a challenging job Banking and Financial Domain. Technically skilled in the usage of MS Office tools namely Word,
* Excel and PowerPoint, Fin-one, Hunter, Sherlock CRM, LOS, LMS, BMS, Salesforce and other Banking and financial software
* and ability to handle Risk and Fraud control activities related to Financial Sector. Being a dedicated and focused individual, |
* am determined to add value to the organization | work for, through my exceptional knowledge and learning ability.
* To describe myself in a nutshell, | am systematic, organized, and hardworking; ready to take up any challenge of life abreast
* with the latest trends and good communication skills.
* My basic objective is to sharpen skills for complete personality development and be an example of trust and reliability in the
* corporate world. My prime goal is to understand professional environment and capitalize on opportunities.
* Driven by passion and competence, | am confident of making visible contribution for the growth of the organization.
* I'd appreciate the chance to meet with you in person to discuss as to how | could be a vital part of your organization.
* Thanking you,
* Yours Sincerely,
* Vineet Kumar
--- Page Break ---
* Near Rangoli Garden, Jaipur
* Contact: +91 9315281663; Email: Vineet85856@gmail.com; Date of Birth: 1st July 1989
* Risk & Fraud Management Professional
* Seeking challenging & rewarding assignments in banking and NBFC domain with a growth-oriented organization across the industry
* Near Rangoli Garden, Jaipur
* Contact: +91 9315281663; Email: Vineet85856@gmail.com; Date of Birth: 1st July 1989
* Company Name: Fintree Finance.
* Designation: PAN India Head (Sr. Manager) - FCU Duration: Since 1tMarch 2021 to 4" Jan 2022
* e Responsible for mitigating risk/frauds portfolio across PAN India locations.
* e Analyzing the Negative/Fraud trends in different product portfolios and working in close associations with other
* function like credit /sales/collection and operation for providing feedback and support in the implementation or
* changes in policy
* e Managing the operational risk associated with different functions and reviewing strict adherence to policy standards.
* e Supervising and monitoring document and profile verifications through agencies in given TAT, both for vendor and
* customers for various products.
* e Regular Audits and Investigations to minimize the risk.
* e Diligently conducted investigation of fraud to identify the root causes and avoid its future occurrence.
* e Recruitment, Training, and supervision of team of FCU department.
* e Additionally, responsible for putting inputs in any sales credit policy in FCU point of view.
* e Co-ordination with RCU co coordinators, other team members and impaneled RCU agencies on and ongoing basis and
* ensure TAT adherence for all RCU actionable.
* e Conducting periodic FCU training for Sales and Credit team for updating the current fraud trend.
* e Handling the internal FI Activity and skip tracing for the negative portfolio for the PAN India.
* e Extend necessary support to the collection unit for resolution of NS, NPA and other delinquent cases.
* e —_ Liaison with legal and other govt. enforcement agencies as per requirement.
* Near Rangoli Garden, Jaipur
* Contact: +91 9315281663; Email: Vineet85856@gmail.com; Date of Birth: 1st July 1989
* Company Name: Indiabulls Consumer Finance Ltd.
* Designation: Manager-FCU (Delhi NCR) Duration: 26* Sept 2018 to 31*t May 2020
* e Responsible for managing FCU processes and fraud prevention at loan origination stage across all products (Personal
* loan and entire Dhani Platform) for entire Delhi NCR.
* e Taking Care of Team management of 4 on-roll employee of Fraud Control Unit.
* e Responsible for centralized Dhani Loan (It is as Fintech. Loan platform of Indiabulls consumer finance Ltd.) Process for
* entire North Zone as Manager and reports to Zonal Head.
* e Taking Care of Sampling process of Personal Loan (Offline) and Dnani Segment (entire North).
* e Investigate discrepant cases to identify involvement of applicant, collusion with companies’ outsourced channel at a
* Prevention stage in Personal Loan.
* e Taking care of core investigation of cases in Dhani Loan at Post Disbursement stage (Delhi NCR).
* e Conducting periodic FCU training for Sales and Credit team for updating the current fraud trend
* e Vendor management and imparting trainings to Vendors and support staff regarding RCU process.
* e Observe business practices and identify operational risks in the area allocated.
* e Ensure compliance with platform policy at field level.
* Company Name: Magma Fincorp. Ltd.
* Designation: Location Manager-RCU Duration: 19" June 2017 to 25" Sept 2018
* e Responsible for managing RCU processes and fraud prevention at loan origination stage across all products (CV, CE, HL,
* LAP, Auto (Used car or New Car) and SME) across the Retail platform within the allocated territory (10 Locations)
* e Review verification reports and TAT of Reports of sampled cases at loan origination stage
* e Investigate discrepant cases to identify involvement of applicant, collusion with companies outsourced channel at a
* Prevention stage.
* e Agency management and imparting trainings to agencies and support staff regarding RCU process.
* e Conduct periodic branch and RCU agencies Audits.
* e Undertake surveillance and record the observations.
* e Observe business practices and identify operational risks in the area allocated.
* e Ensure compliance with platform policy at field level.
* Company Name: L&T Finance Ltd.
* Designation: Area Manager-RCU Duration: 18" Jan 2016 to 30° April 2017
* e Undertaking Risk control activities covering all products across the Retail platform within the allocated territory
* e Conduct periodic branch process reviews of the allocated branches.
* e Undertake surveillance and record the observations.
* e Reporting the findings of the audit & closure
* e Complete Borrower audit, Collection audit & Meeting Center audit within the prescribed time
* e Observe business practices and identify operational risks in the area allocated.
* e Ensure compliance with platform policy at field level in the zone.
* e Interact with field force to identify gaps.
--- Page Break ---
* Near Rangoli Garden, Jaipur
* Contact: +91 9315281663; Email: Vineet85856@gmail.com; Date of Birth: 1st July 1989
* Company Name: Prime associates
* Designation: Manager (Agency) Duration: 15t Sept 2013 To 10" Jan 2016
* Handling RCU agency of ICICI bank (VSTS ID-A00002)
* Responsible for document and address verification report submission to concern Area Manager-RCU.
* Responsible for maintaining daily MIS of cases received or sent for verification in field or bank.
* Managing operations of agency.
* Doing seeding or Mystery shopping activates for ICICI bank and reporting to Area Manager-RCU for further action.
* Making relation with local Govt. office for document verification.
* Perfume Centre Of America Duration: 1*t Aug 2012 To 18* Aug
* 2013 Back Operations
* Looked after the generation of Quotations on daily basis, filing of correspondences and monitoring of report on weekly
* and monthly basis.
* Handled day-to-day general correspondences i.e. letters, faxes e-mails etc. and managed the accuracy of records of
* incoming/outgoing communications & confidential files.
* Handled the internal and external calls, Maintained records and files from time to time. Handled updation of the
* detailed files as required for specified functions.
* Played pivotal role in handling routine correspondence efficiently. Handled data entry assignments efficiently and
* effectively.
* Skillfully handled entire computer related activities while streamlining the Office Management System.
* Developed computer presentations and reports for various assignments. Accountable for handling proper filing and all
* the reports.
* Involved in entire administrative work specifically related to official documents and material, maintained track records
* & updated information in computer for the daily transactions.


## Skills

* Sincere, diligent, and experienced professional with rich experience of Risk control, Fraud Management and core
* investigation, Skip tracing, Report analysis; Data analysis, Query Handling, Office practices and procedures;
* recordkeeping in system & MISs.
* Currently spearheading as Regional Head - RCU, in Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. and taking care of North-2 Region.
* Proven proficiency in managing all aspects of Risk and Fraud management activities with hands on experience in
* efficiently & professionally dealing customer and internal departments queries and complaints and ensuring satisfactory
* closure.
* Self-motivated and goal-oriented team player with good communication skills and high degree of resourcefulness,
* commitment, and optimism.
* Core Competencies
* Risk Management/Fraud management/ Investigation (Pre and Post disbursement) & Internal/Internal Audit/Data
* Analysis/Data management/Skipp tracing/Team Management/ Report Analysis (Interpersonal skills (TAT/SLA Management)


## Experience

* Company Name: Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd.
* Designation: Regional Head - RCU Duration: Since 6 Jan 2022
* Responsible for prevention of risk/frauds portfolio of Used car, Personal Loan, Business loan (secured & Unsecure), LAP,
* loan to professional & Medical equipment loans across the region.
* Handling the team of 4 Area managers across the region. Recruitment, Training, and supervision of team of RCU
* department.
* Conducting and monitoring regular Branch/ Vendors/DSA Audits to minimize the risk.
* Taking care of Investigation related to; Pre & Post disbursement, Internal investigations, RBI escalations, Investigation
* for customer complaints.
* Taking care of loss recovery in Investigation cases.
* Conducting surveillance activities: including Collection data monitoring and review, internal process reviews etc.
* Identify the root cause of fraud cases to avoid its future occurrence.
* Analyzing the Negative/Fraud trends in different product portfolios and working in close associations with other
* function like credit /sales/collection and operation for providing feedback.
* Extend necessary support to the collection unit for resolution of NS, NPA and other delinquent cases.
* Liaison with legal and other govt. enforcement agencies as per requirement.
--- Page Break ---


## Value Addition In Current Organization

* e Setup the complete FCU process from end-to-end process. (File movement, FCU to be done at what stage, vendor
* empanelment, team recruitment, implementation in policy etc.)
* e Setup the complete internal Fl process (Team recruitment, implementation of policy and process, Report format,
* vendor empanelment etc.)
* e Setup the skip tracing process for negative portfolio of the company
* Company Name: Muthoot Finance Ltd.
* Designation: Regional Manager-RCU (North & East) Duration: 3"June 2020 to 27 Feb 2021
* e Responsible for conducting Fraud investigations for the assigned North and East region (i.e. Delhi NCR, Punjab, Haryana
* Rajasthan and West Bengal ).
* e Handling the Team of RCU
* e Co-ordination with RCU co coordinators, other team members and impaneled RCU agencies on and ongoing basis and
* ensure TAT adherence for all RCU actionable.
* e Monitoring the sampling and other verification activities.
* e Timely Conducting RCU agencies audit for enhancing the performance.
* e Conducting periodic FCU training for Sales and Credit team for updating the current fraud trend.
* e Ensure the timely submission of all reports pertaining to the unit as per requirement.
* e =Initiate recovery follow ups pertaining to fraud cases.
* e Clear understanding of the company process and policies, identifying gaps if any from time to time and recommending
* for improvement.
* e Understanding emerging fraud patterns in market and updation of the same to Concern units including updating
* internal negative database.
* e Extend necessary support to the collection unit for resolution of NS, NPA and other delinquent cases.
* e —_ Liaison with legal and other govt. enforcement agencies as per requirement.
--- Page Break ---


## Education

* M.C.A (Pursuing)


## Xii, 2009

* UP Board


## Extra-Curricular And Professional Certification

* Online AML Certification conducted by Magma Fincorp. Ltd.
* Online InfoSec Security Certification conducted by Magma Fincorp. LTD.
* Online KYC Learning Certification conducted by Magma Fincorp. LTD.
* Train the Trainer certification for fintech loan platform in Indiabulls Consumer Finance Ltd (Dhani Loan segment)
* Credit of winning Rajya Puruskar in Bharat Scout & Guide
* Language Known: English, Hindi, Regional.

