# Vivek Kapoor

## Contact Information

* Mobile: 9899601951, Email: viks.1611@gmail.com


## Objective

* Aspire to join an organization that inspires me with adequate challenges and opportunities to
* grow not only as a professional but also as a person while applying my knowledge on the job.


## Experience

* Working as a Team Lead (Manager II) with POONAWALLA FINCORP LTD Jan’21 till date.
* Worked as a Manager with IDFC FIRST BANK LTD (Delhi) Nov’19 to Jan’21.
* Worked as a Manager with HDFC BANK LTD (Delhi) Oct’18 to Nov’19.
* Worked as a Deputy Manager with HDFC BANK LTD (Delhi) Oct’15 to Sep’18.
* Worked as an Assistant Manager with HDFC BANK LTD (Delhi) Jan’12 to Sep’15.
* Worked as Executive- New Product Development with Transcorp International Ltd
* (Corporate Office) [Delhi] (Aug’11 to Jan’12)
* oa rwn >


## Profile

* : IDFC FIRST BANK LTD (Delhi)
* Current Job Title : Manager (CPA Manager)
* : Urban Assets Operations
* Key Responsibility Areas
* > Handling and managing CPA team which takes care of logins of Home Loans product of
* North and East Region of India.
* > Doing disbursement of various products like Home Loan, Personal loan, Two wheeler
* Loan, Business loans etc.
* > Have been assigned BOMs of MBL branches, wherein all the operational work from login
* to disbursement to dispatch needs to be monitored.
* > Regular visits, training, and test to be conducted of BOMs of MBL branches to keep them
* updated of latest changes in policies.
* > Maintaining TAT, Quality and compliance adherence while processing of files.
* > Arranging regular vendor meetings and highlighting concerns if any so that process is
* followed smoothly.
* > Arranging monthly DSA/RM/SO training session of North and East so that FTR files
* reaches CPA which helps in maintaining TAT.
* > Plan, direct or coordinate quality assurance programs and sessions and formulate quality
* control methods for improving the operational efficiency.
* > Managing the Vendor in terms of Resources, TAT, Quality, Costing and other areas, so
* as to be aligned with bank’s needs.
* > Preparing list of files monthly for shredding purpose.
* > Ensure time to time review of process, identifying improvement areas and providing
* suggestions to improve the process for decreasing TAT and increasing customer
* satisfaction.
* > Supervising day to day activities of CPA and ensure compliance to all bank procedures.
* > MIS preparation & projects handling as per the need and reporting to management.
* Significant Accomplishments
* > Got various appreciation mails from National, Regional, State Heads for managing CPA
* shop in a manner which helped business in achieving targets.
* > Seeing the CPA management skills have been assigned MBL branch for monitoring.
* : HDFC BANK LTD (Delhi)
* Current Job Title
* : Retail Assets Operations
* Key Responsibility Areas
* > Disbursement of Installment Loan Products like Personal Loans, Business Loans,
* Education Loans, Two Wheeler Loans, Self Employed Professional Loans, etc within
* defined TAT.
--- Page Break ---
* Organization : Transcorp International Ltd. (Corporate Office)
* Job Title : Executive- New Product Development
* Fathers Name: = Mr. Vijay Kapoor
* Date of Birth: November 16, 1988
* Nationality: Indian
* Sex: Male
* Marital Status: Married
* Language known: English, Hindi, Punjabi
* Hobbies: Surfing the Internet, Listening to Music and Playing Cricket
* Date: (Vivek Kapoor)


## : Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd

* Current Job Title : Team Lead (Manager II)
* : Central Onboarding Operations
* Key Responsibility Areas
* > Handling and managing Vendor RPC team and On-role Authorizers which takes care of
* Disbursals of Pre Owned Cars, Supply Chain Finance , Business Loans, Alliance
* Partners Businesses like CARS24 etc.
* Setting up of Regional Processing Centre and managing transition phase of transferring
* of Loan Products from Branches to RPC.
* Visiting Iron Mountain (Gurgaon) for doing audit of Property Papers and sharing the
* observations.
* Doing UAT and Pre Production testing of new products/schemes in system under testing
* environment.
* Maintaining TAT, Quality and compliance adherence while processing of files.
* Preparing and sharing of RPC -Operational Dashboard for the month to senior
* management.
* Collaborate with internal and external stakeholders to achieve the desired business
* objectives for ensuring maximum efficiency in internal processes.
* Managing end to end RPC activity from Disbursals till Dispatch and closing errors
* highlighted by Quality team.
* Tracking and Updation of PDDs in system.
* Managing the Vendor in terms of Resources, TAT, Quality, Costing and other areas, so
* as to be aligned with Organizational needs.
* Doing weekly Audit in RPC for eliminating the exceptions and to have smooth flow of
* work.
* Fixing the accountability of the RPC for committing Errors and imposing penalty for the
* errors committed.
* MIS preparation & projects handling as per the need and reporting to management.
* Vv Vv VW VV V VW VV WV WV WV
--- Page Break ---
* Significant Accomplishments
* » In this short span got grade promotion for the work done in setting up of Regional
* Processing centre.
* » Got appreciated from Ops Head for solely handling and managing Alliance Business
* Partner CARS24


## Vv Vvv V Vv Vw Vw Wv Wv

* Vv
* >
* >
* Handling a team of Insta department which takes care of insta products from logins till
* disbursement.
* Ensure that the applications are as per KYC norms set by RBI & disbursed as per TAT
* and Policy.
* There should be No excess/Short disbursement to eliminate CRMs.
* Handling all activities of the Insta department like, preparing MIS, day-to-day checking of
* login covering, all the registers (login ,Re-credit, Discrepant docs).
* Preparing and analyzing various MIS related to FTNRs reduction, Stamping Wastage , e-
* attendance exceptions, etc
* One point contact for sales and there issues related to disbursement from insta
* department.
* Handling of post disbursement activities like Post disbursal documents updation in the
* systems.
* Preparing list of ABND files and destructing same on monthly basis.
* Solely responsible for 5S implementation in the branch.
* FPR (First Person Responsible) for the Stamp Paper indent to vendor and its issuance to
* sales team and maintaining proper registers for issuance for audit purpose
* MIS preparation & projects handling as per the need and reporting to management.
* Solely responsible for having specimen signatures from Credit/RIC/Sales/CPA and
* providing them ours on monthly basis for audit purpose.
* Provide coaching about new policies and process and giving feedback to team members
* to enable them to improve their performance.
* Doing weekly Audit in CPA for eliminating the exceptions and to have smooth flow of
* work and publishing weekly report to Area Operations Manager.
* Fixing the accountability of the CPA Ops committing Errors and imposing penalty of the
* errors committed And ensuring FTR to eliminate the Re-work at CPA shop.
* Preparing of leaves of the team members on monthly basis & providing same to B.O.M.
* Significant Accomplishments
* >
* Vv VV V VY WV
* Received 3rd Prize pan India from bank’s M.D. in giving significant idea under THINK
* TANK to increase operational efficiency and cost reduction.
* Regarded as a 5S Champion in the branch and received appreciation from higher
* authorities.
* In this digital era, got 2 suggestions approved under THINK TANK for improving bank’s
* digital product PAYZAAP.
* Ten times nominated for fraud detection under KYC check and ops alert and won


## Silver Star Award.

* Received appreciation from ASM for supporting sales and quality of handling team..
* Received appreciation from A.O.M. on disbursing 1** Scan based Loan file from Delhi
* region.
* Received appreciation from A.O.M. on Quality of Audit at CPA shop.


## Training

* Has been trained on Lean Six Sigma Yellow Belt online course.
* Have passed Information Security test.
* Have undergone 4 day SWAGAT training of HDFC BANK LTD at North CPU.
--- Page Break ---


## Vvvvv Vvv

* Have undergone 3 day Retail Asset Operations training at North CPU.
* Have a certificate in BCSBI Customer Service Guidelines.
* Have undergone 4 day Advance Banking Module training of HDFC BANK LTD at North


## : Bfsi

* : August 2011 to January 2012
* Key Responsibility Areas
* > Identifying new opportunities for the company that can leverage the strong distribution
* network.
* Developing understanding of the new businesses & translating an identified business
* opportunity into a workable Business Model.
* Coordinating with the pan India sales team to get inputs from them about the market.
* Also liaise with the Business Heads to ensure implementation of plans.
* Work in sync with other departments like Technology Development, Regulatory Affairs,
* etc
* Working on projects with people across categories depending upon the requirements.
* Vv VVV WV
* Significant Accomplishments
* > Have given significant contribution in making a new product i.e. Jeevandhan and Mini
* Jeevandhan understandable to the various branches of the company spread in pan India.
* > Received appreciation from HR Head and New Products-Head, on giving significant
* contribution on making PPT presentations, MS Word documents to impart knowledge of
* New Product which is hitting the market soon.
* 1. Summer Trainee at TATA Motors Ltd.( Commercial Vehicles), Gazipur Patparganj New
* Delhi ( May 2010 — July 2010) and was rated as Good on Performance by the
* Organization during the assignment.
* Topic: “Assessment of Market Potential for new TATA Winger Variants for TATA Motors
* (2010)”


## Details

* Orientation, Understanding the project & Research Design.
* Market Research on Tax Network for Tata Winger Maxi Van (Noida), Tata School Winger
* (Noida & Greater Noida), Tata Winger Platinum (Delhi)
* Understanding customers needs by meeting the existing and prospective winger
* customers and by going with sales representative for demonstration of vehicle.
* To know present consumer perception about Winger.
* Finding future potential customers for new Tata Winger Variants.
* To understand the market potentiality for Winger.
* Project Work
* Topic: “A Study on Promotional Strategy of Vodafone “


## Overview

* > To study customer satisfaction of Vodafone.
* > To study various Promotional activities used by Vodafone.
* > To study the various services provided by Vodafone.
* > To know the expectation of Vodafone Customers.
--- Page Break ---


## Education

* 1. MBA (Finance and Marketing) from SRM University, NCR Campus, Modi Nagar,
* Ghaziabad. (UP) 2009-11 with 75%.
* 2. Bachelor in Marketing Management and Retail Business from Delhi University with 1st
* Division (2009).
* 3. Certificate in Anti-Money Laundering & Know Your Customer from Indian Institute of
* Banking & Finance (IIBF).


## Skills

* Proficient with MS office, Tally, Software’s like Finware, LOS, Idea LOS, Finnone, RAMS, VBMS,
* Flexcube, Idea RAS, RAITS etc and having a good knowledge of Windows, and Internet.

