# 29627_121_venkateshacv2022111605

## Contact Information



## Name: Venkatesha H T

* Mobile:8105218992/9363534152 E-mail: venkyharu@gmail.com


## Objective

* To grow, promote the values of the organization and work with clear goals and ambitions. To analyze and
* develop my capabilities and contribute positively to the organization by synchronizing self-growth.


## Proficiency

* Collections
* Reviewing delinquent accounts to control recovery operations for delinquent customer & proper documentation.
* Handling high value cases/ defaulters/ insolvent clients & initiating appropriate legal actions.
* Managing the process of settlement ensuring approval for all settlement accounts are taken, maintaining settlement tracker, and
* reversing the charges after the settlement is complete.
* Formulating effective debt collection mechanisms for ensuring timely receipt of money from partner banks & recovery of bad
* debts.
* Identifying probable risks by conducting audits of existing revenue streams and implementing corrective measures to mitigate the
* same.
* Creating & implementing workflows to facilitate structured support in all areas and issues.
* Ensuring that the agencies are process compliant.
* Ensuring that all required files, registers, documents are maintained in order.
* O Ensuring that no integrity issue occurs in the agency.
* Handling Repo stock and Sales.
* oO oO O00
* Oo0000


## Education

* Bachelor of Arts, Mysore University - Second Class
* Pre - University Course - Arts, Basavapatna, Hassan Dist - First Class


## Employment

* Poonawalla Finicorp — Sate C ollection Manager for SME, LAP AND PL (0-90) Jan 2022 To till
* Managing Karnataka for SME, LAP and PL Portfolio with 10 Collection officer
* Co-ordinating with high portfolio customer
* Initiating legal on default customer
* Achievement of collections targets for the region, as per KPA matrix.
* Handles complaints form hard customer
* Monitors Call reports to make sure collectors are making


## Vvvv Vv

--- Page Break ---
* Hero Fincorp Limited — Collection Manager (Recovery) Aug 2021 to J an 2022
- | Managing Recovery for Mysore, Hassan, Chamarajanagar, Mandya, and Madakeri, for TW/LPL/UCL/RCF/PL with 6 Collection
* Managers
* Hero Fincorp Limited — C ollection Manager All BKT — (Band 4A) — 6" May 2019 to
* July-2021
- Managing with 7 Collation agency for TW/LPL/UCL/RCF/UBL of Hero Moto Cop products and HFCL in Mysore, Hassan,
* Chamarajanagar, Mandya, and Madiken, .


## Key Highlights

* > Every Y ear Rated — “Brilliant Performer”
* > Awarded to best performer of the years in BKT 1 & 3— FY: 20-21
* Key Responsibilities: -
* > Achievement of collections targets for the region, as per budget matrix.
* > To set up and manage field collections team in respective region & drive them for the numbers with Proper
* planning.
* Execution, driving Collections through the collection agencies.
* End to end co-ordination with the call entre teams, field collection agencies, credit teams, > Teams,
* improvement of existing processes, customer dispute redressal and ACM.
* End to end tracking of cash collection process through proper MIS.
* To identify process gaps and suggest process changes & enablers.
* Manage the collection process as laid down, complete ownership of agency management Process.
* Consistently achieving 95-100% on assigned target in Opening allocation (Soft, Hard & Legal). Also,
* Consistently achieving 92%+ in X’days pan India. > Maintained highest scores for the Internal audit PAN
* India (94.1%).
* V wv
* >
* >
* Best coordinator award for 2015-2016
* Best cross sell award for 2013-2014
* >
* >
* Consistently achieving 93 %+ in x’days pan India and achieved awards as best
* performer
* Attained the highest ever score for the Internal audit PAN India (96.1%).
* >
* Scrutinizing KYC documents that flow for disbursements
* Checking if the documents as per the company's policy
* Scrutinizing Disbursement Clearance Note prior to confirming the DCN in the
* software
* Follow up the disbursement cheque from the head office
* Following up with the HO for DCN rejection for various reasons > Data Entry of
* Application Forms
* Handling the inward and outward documents with outsourced agency
* Generating daily MIS of total documents punched and disbursed
* Maintaining files and documents in proper order
* Reconciliation of book debits and credits with bank credits and debits. Mapping of
* collection accounts as per credits and debits
* Handling Post Dated Cheques and handing over the same to Banking with proper MIS
* Co-ordination with the PDC Factory for non deposition of PDC
* Generating, sorting and preparing the various report such as non starter report,
* arrears reports
* Allocation the arrears report to various collection agency
* Recorded the highest ever disbursements for Bangalore and Tumkur in the month
* July and August 2007 in the history of Bajaj Auto Finance Bangalore
* > Reduced the TAT for disbursements to dealer
* >
* Ensured of quality of documentation to the company's norms strictly
* Sep’05 - Feb’06 at Jet Airways Data Entry Operator
--- Page Break ---


## Vvv Wv

* > Managing collections for TW, Auto & LPL Loans for Mysore District with a team of 1 Officer and 3 DCA’s
* thereby
* > mitigating credit losses and maximizing recoveries
* YES BANK :-Operation Deputy MANAGER
* Dec -2018 to April 2019 Y ES Bank Ltd Working under branch banking
* > PDD - Maker and Authorization
* > Cross selling of other product
* > Resolving the issues of Sales and central team related to Policies, Discrepancies, and
* System related issues.
* HDFC BANK LTD: Operation Deputy MANAGER
--- Page Break ---
* Jan -2013 -Till HDFC Bank Ltd. Working under TW Loan Personal Loan Gold Loan Consumer
* Durable Loan Auto Section in Disbursement Process of Operation handing other operation
* related activities in Branch


## Job Accountabilities

* Vv Vv V WV
* Vv
* Documents check in arability of Sanction letter, Cam, Spdc, Valuation Report and
* Sanction Letter: - Customer name A ddress with valid Cam and terms and condition
* Cum:-A pplied and approved loan amount, banking, valid KY C with approved details .Terms and
* conditions
* Valuation Report: - Security Address owner name Security value with break up Property type and stats of
* the Report
* Vetting:-List of Document as per Legal with verified borrower name and owner of property
* Legal :-Title of the property schedule plow of title and final observation from lawyer and if any special
* condition to accept the security with us > Team handling 32 all product.
* Taking care of all product loan sanctions and disbursements,
* Maintaing and updating MIS on day to basis and reporting
* As FPR handle the PL project with team of 32 members making sure GLO disburse
* the files on scan mode.
* Allocation and collecting MIS on day wise reporting to superviso. Monthly MIS
* reporting.
* Disbursement of all types Loans physical and Image disbursement
* PDD —- Maker and Authorization
* Cross selling of other product
* Resolving the issues of Sales and central team related to Policies, Discrepancies, and
* system related issues.
* PAMAC Documents and DSA/DDSA - ID Creation , Modification, Deletion etc.
* Maintaining the several registers. Example:-Movement Register, Content
* Register, Index Card Register, Stamp Register
* Maintaining of Index Card, Agreement paper, stationeries, Weighing Machine and
* Sealing Machines, Nitric Acid and Stones etc.,
* Taking Care of the needs of the Sales Dept Credit Dept., Collection Dept., Bank
* Branching, CPU for Fast process and fulfilling of customer needs.
* Experience in handling Operation and Customer services
* Complete responsibility of resolving all customer walk-in’s service
* 100% resolution of customer services within stipulated TAT ‘s
--- Page Break ---
* Responsible for carrying out Gold Loan disbursements within defined TAT by bank &
* ensure error free disbursements
* Responsible for carrying out Gold Loan disbursements within defined TAT by bank &
* Ensure error free disbursement
* Nov 2010 ---Dec 2012 Family Credit Ltd —Officer -Operation , Admin and Cash
* Management.(LINKED WITH L&T)
* Vv VV VV WV
* Preparing & Maintaining Collection MIS — Daily — All Locations (Karnataka & Goa).
* Agency & In-house Collection Follow-ups —- Daily
* Cash collection from agency & walk in customer
* Verifying the cash manually & through verifying machine
* Updating the cash & receipt details in cash register immediately on receipt of cash
* Depositing the cash in company bank account
--- Page Break ---
* Vv Vv V WV
* Receipt Book Stock, Reconciliation and Audit
* Communicating with Lawyers for Section 9 & Section 138
* High Delinquent Customer Visit with Manager & Agency Executive for payment
* conversion
* Preparing & Maintaining Monthly Collection MIS.
* Frequent Agency Visit for Review & Meeting — Bangalore Region
* Managing the Agency on Collection and Repossession
* Handling Repo stock and Sale
* Feb’06 - Sept’08 at Worked with BAJAJ AUTO FINANCE LTD as a Sr.Trainee Operation (BAL
* Line).
* Vv
* VV V WV Vv
* > Work for purchase department as data entry operator
* > Record the purchase details
* > Maintenance of Accounts


## Vvvv Wv

* Vv
* Vv
* Vv
* Keeping attendance of all staffs including on-roll and outsourced staff
* Maintaining records of the attendance leaves and sending them to HO
* Maintaining records of attendance of BDEs sending them to the outside agency
* Supervision of all other assets of the branch
* To co-ordinate with H.O. Admin for resolving the problems related to the functioning
* of the office equipments
* Branch cashier will courier all bills on every Thursday to HO Admin for payment
* without making any entry in Finone
* Any emergency bill can be sent to HO Admin without waiting for Thursday
* In situations, where the branch sends bills (collection, FI RCU etc...)
* Collection of all cash, Cheque
* All deposit entry , inter branch cash collection entry and inter branch cash transfer
* entry - intimation for inter branch entry
* Preparation of daily physical cash statement and updating of monthly cash collection
* sheet ,update in share point daily and provide CRT report at month end
* January’09 — Nov - 2010 at Bussan Auto Finance India Pvt Ltd, Bangalore as a Collection
* Coordinator / Team Leader - Collections for Karnataka & Goa -— TW Loans


## Skills

* Operating Systems Windows 2000, XP.
* Languages C, C + +, Hard Ware & Networking, Basics


## Personal Details

* Name : VENKATESHA H T
* Father Name : THIMMEGOWDA
* Date of Birth : 10.05.1983
* Place of Birth : HARADANAHALLI
* Marital Status : Married
* Permanent Address : #, 94 Haradanahahalli, Saligrama K R Nagar (T) MYSORE - 570021


## References

* Mr. Umesh Venkatesh Mr. Krishna Kumar Gupta
* HDFC BANK (RCH KARNTAKA AND KERALA) ZCM — Collections
* MOB: 9845059940 Poonawalla Fincorp Limited


## Mob:-7032717279

* Place: Bangalore [VENKATESHA H T]

