# 29792_120_resume22022111656

## Contact Information



## Sravankumar. B

* Mobile No: 9494420147
* Email:-shravan1437@ gmail.com.


## Objective

* To pursue a professional career in an organization that provides a challenging work
* Environment and allows me to grow both professionally and as an individual.


## Qualifications

* >
* >
* >
* >
* B.com(CA) from Maharshi Degree college, Godavarikhani,affiliated to KAKATIYA
* UNIVERSITY in 2009
* Board of Intermediate C.E.C from SRK junior college, Godavarikhani in 2006
* SSC from ADARSHA VIDYAVIDY ANILAY AM,Godavarikhani in 2004.
* Jetking certified Hardware and Networking Professional (J CHNP) course
* From jetking institute


## Skills

* >
* >
* >
* >
* Hardware & Networking, DCA, DTP, PGDCA.
* Tally (7.2 & ERP 9), Internet concepts, flash, Dream ware.
* Operating system windows 2000, XP, Vista, Windows 7, windows 8.
* Window server 2003, windows server 2008, Linux, CCNA.


## Experience

* >
* Worked as a Junior Assistant in MANAPURRAM FINANCE LIMITED, Period of
* Jan-2012 to Sep-2013.
* Worked as Back - End ( Data Entry & Cashier ) in SUNDARAM FINANCE
* LIMITED Since Feb-2014 to Nov-2016.
* Worked as Customer Service Executive in Cholamandalam Insurance Express Since
* Oct-2017 to Aug - 2018.
* Worked as Customer Service Executive in Cholamandalam Insurance Express Since
* Jan-2019 to July-2019.
* Worked as Executive Operations in Muthoot Money Pvt Ltd Since July-2019 to May-
* 2020.
* Working as Branch Account And Operation Executive in Poonawalla Fincorp Limited
--- Page Break ---
* Personality Traits
* > Self-motivated
* > Zeal to learn new things.
* > Ability to put up heart full efforts in completing the tasks with commitment.
* > Effective team player and Adaptable.


## Personal Details

* Name ; BANDARI SRAVANKUMAR
* Father’s Name: MALLAIAH
* Date of Birth 2674 JULY 1988
* Gender Male
* Nationality Indian
* Religion Hindu
* Marital Status : Married


## Languages

* Permanent Address: H.NO:-14-4-479, Vittal nagar,
* G odavarikhani,karimanagar.A .P


## Declaration

* I hereby declare that the information presented by me above is true to the best of my
* knowledge and belief.

