# 29804_120_resumeriteshtiwari2022111620

## Contact Information



## Objective

* Seeking assignments in Managing administration and Business Development with a growth-
* oriented company.
* nu FW DN
* Good communicator internally and externally
* Strong team player able to work with senior and peers
* Ability to motivate a team as well as work as a team player in all circumstances.
* Good working knowledge of computers particularly MS Office, Excel, Power point, MS
* Word etc.


## Roles & Responsibilities

* Branch Opening: Having 16 + yr. experience in new branch (15 branches of Magma
* Fincorp Ltd. , 49 branches of Janalakshmi Financial Services, 55 small branches of SKS
* Microfinance, 20 branches of Bharti Axa life Insurance and 2 branches of ICICI Lombard
* GIC Ltd.) opening at various location in Eastern, western and central UP. MP, Punjab,
* Rajasthan, Bihar, Chhatisgarh, Jharkhand & Delhi Property searching, dealing with
* property dealers, checking all the old records of property, Rent negotiation, dealing
* with Architect vendor, Applying Electricity, Telephone and ISDN connection as per
* requirement.
* Received Excellence Award in Category of Administration for North Zone in 2014-
* 15.
* Received star of the month December 2008 award. For completing all branches
* in declared time
* Regular checking records/entries made in registers.
* Cross checking the entries with bills submitted by vendors/employees
* Arranging and attending vendors
* Ensuring proper functioning of EPBAX, Security Alarms, CCTV and Etc.
* Office Administration: Office upkeep, Maintaining Stationery Records, Issuing
* stationery items to employees, Maintaining Pantry items requirement and ensuring
* their availability, ensuring proper usage of telephones and electricity in
* Travel: Timely and cost effective arrangement of Travel Plans which includes Air
* Journey (Domestic and International), FX, Travel Policy, Taxi, boarding and lodging.
* Managing Vendors: Identification, Selection, development, and management of
* suppliers/vendors like in Travel, General Supplies, printing etc. Negotiate best deals
* and services for Info Axon. Making sure we have at least 3-4 vendors for our each type
* of requirements and their details are updated on regular basis in your records as well
* as on wiki. (printing visiting cards, id cards, taxi, )
* Documentation: Timely update all Admin processes and vendor contact details on
* Intranet Managing House Keeping Department
--- Page Break ---
* ww
* pop OWN DH
* 11.
* 12.
* 13.
* 14.


## Skills

* Thorough understanding of Administration, Front desk handling, Client Handling,
* Maintaining MIS, Dealing with vendors, Coordination with different departments
* Business Development and Sales
* Ability to maintain effective working relationships with a variety of individuals and
* groups.
* Proposal writing and presentation creation
* Service Costing - ability to calculate the cost of providing services
* Ability to generate requirement documents for approving the project.
* Understand consumer services
* Strategic in terms of vision and positioning new products/services in profitable segments
* Results orientated with a record to prove it and strong customer focus.
* . An excellent leader who is convincing and determined to develop a strong team and stay


## Experience

* e Since April 14 to Till date with Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. Formerly known as
* (Magma Fincorp Ltd.) as Deputy. Manager Administration based at Lucknow.
* Primarily involved with the Branch maintenance, Infrastructure handling. Besides
* that I was instrumental in handling all vital administration activities of all the
* branches.
* 1. Handling 18 branches of different location of UP .
* 2. Vendor finalization for procurement, R & M, travel and Hotel.
* 3. Vendor Management for Assets (UPS, Inverter, EPBAX, Burglar Alarm, Safe, Printed
* Stationary & General Stationary.
* 4. Bill processing, Bill trackers and other MIS.
* Travelling all branches monthly.
--- Page Break ---
* e Since March 13 to April 14 with Janalakshmi Financial Services Pvt. Ltd. as
* Manager Administration and Expansion based at Delhi. Primarily involved with the
* Infrastructure handling and. Besides that I was instrumental in handling all vital
* administration activities of all the branches.
* e From July 2010 to March 2013 with SKS Microfinance Ltd. as Asst. Manager Admin.
* based at Varanasi. Primarily involved with the Infrastructure handling. Besides that
* I was instrumental in handling all vital administration activities and rentals of
* properties.
* e From February 2008 to July 2010 with Bharti Axa Life Insurance Ltd. based in
* Lucknow as Administration Executive. Primarily involved with the Infrastructure
* handling. Besides that I was instrumental in handling all vital administration
* activities and liaison and statutory compliance and Lease and rentals of properties.


## Achievements

* 1. Received star of the month December 2008 award.
* 2. Complete all the branches on declared time.
* 3. Maximum branches completed in one month.
* e From September 2005 to February 2008 with ICICI Lombard General Insurance
* division based in Lucknow as Administration Executive. As a administration
* 1. Hotel tie up’s with 20%-30% discount on actual room rent with complimentary
* breakfast.
* 2. Privileges for employee in health spa, various restaurant, books stalls
* Collection of excess mobile bills increased from 17% to 63%
* 4. New vendor tie-up for Travel and Stationary
--- Page Break ---
* e From July2003 to September 2005 with Institute of Computer Accountants as
* Business Development Executive based in Lucknow. Responsible for all marketing,
* promotion and placement activities.
* e From July2001 to July 2003 with Hi-Tech Electronics as marketing executive based
* in Sultanpur. Job profile includes Institutional sales and promotion.
* e From May 1999 to June 2001 with Hindustan Aeronautics Limited as Training
* Executive. Training involved mechanical and electrical trimming in INS department.


## Executive I Was Doing The Following

* a. Vendor management and facilities management
* b. House-keeping and Asset Management
* c. Security, safety, communication cost and travel management
* d. Visitors, Key, Work-place and power management
* e. Petty cash, bill processing, MIS, and mail room management.


## Academic Credentials

* e Bachelors in Arts from Allahabad University
* e ITI in electronics from ITI Amethi
* e Pursuing MBA in Human Resource and Management.


## Reference

* 1. Mr. Sandeep Kaundal
* Regional Head, Administration,
* Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd.


## U.P.

* Mob: 09935549849
* 2. Mr. Ravindra Bajpai
* Regional Head
* Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd.
* Mob: 9161884488


## Permanent Address

* 756 Abhishek, Sector-4,
* Eldeco Udyan 1
* Bangla Bazar, Jail Road
* Lucknow
* Land Mark: AWHO Colony

