# 29830_120_rajashekarresume2022111648

## Contact Information



## Rajashekar Dade

* E-Mail ID:rajashekardade@gmail.com
* Contact: 91+9866055397


## Objective

* A team player with the ability to multi-task, i.e. self-manage across multiple projects, tasks, deadlines and deliverables in an
* independent environment. Interface with all levels of management, internal departments, and customers regarding
* accounting and contract issues.


## Scholastics

* > Bachelor of Degree from MVS GOVT Degree college, mahabubnagar.
* > Board of Intermediate fromTakshashila Jr College, Mahabubnagar
* > Secondary School from Bodhini School, Mahabubnagar


## Experience

* Working as Senior Operations Executive In Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd till date
* Worked as Credit Analyst in Muthoot money pvt Itd from October 2019 to may 2020.
* Worked as sales manager in kartheek Motors - TVS showroom for 1.6 years.
* Worked as Credit & Operation - Assistant manager in TVS Credit Services Ltd) around 07 Years.
* Total Experience in Credit Underwriting Two Wheeler loan for 09 Years.


## Job Responsibilities

* > Pre Owned cars files quality checking, files booking and payment process in time.
* > Handling Cash counter and cash and timely cash deposition in Banks.
--- Page Break ---
* Credit Underwriting of Hyderabad and Mahabub Nagar Locations files and maintaining Delinquency under control in
* respective locations.
* Preparation of Credit Appraisal, Financial Analysis to ensure Sanction & E2E TAT is maintained as promised to the
* Customers.
* Conduct a Tele/Personal Discussion with the App/ Co-App/GTR for understanding of Credit worthiness.
* Take the approval from higher levels for Deviations as per the approved deviation matrix.
* Regular Visits to Dealer/DSAs for increase Business Volume and maintain Delinquency under control.
* Maintenance of PDD mechanism and regular follow up with Sales, Channels and Customers.
* Responsible for MOB 1- 3 Bounce collections and ensure that nil flow cases.
* Regular Interactions with Sales, Ops & Collection Dept for Daily Tracker & Delinquent cases.
* Initiating process improvement and quality reviews to simplify and improve Productivity and resolve Credit issues
* with Customers.
* Regular customer visits for Non Starters and Delinquency customers in order to reduce the Credit losses.
* Interface with Sales organization to communicate Credit decisions and ensure timely review of new customers.
* Conduct regular Training & Development sessions on Policy & Current Market Conditions within Team for
* improvement of Quality Portfolio.
* Planning and organizing activities of Credit / Customer set up team to ensure file reviews are completed timely /
* accurately.
* Ensure that there is no deviation with respect to the Audit.
* TW sales promotions and business development - TVS models
* Regular sales promotions like demos and activities in rural areas and sevice awareness.
* Publishing Daily and Monthly MIS


## Skill Set

* Knowledge of Financial concepts and Proposal analysis with respect to Policy and Credit due diligence.


## Skills

* Process and knowledge management orientation.
* Ability to work in different teams in deadline driven projects.
--- Page Break ---
* Date of Birth
* Father's Name


## Languages

* Marital Status
* Mailing Address
* : Hyderabad


## Personal Information

* : 30" March 1983
* > Mr. D.Anjaiah
* : English, Hindi and Telugu
* : Married
* :1-5-135
* Peerla Bavi,
* Motorline, old power house
* Mahabubnagar - 509001
* (Rajashekar.D)

