# Sandeep Sunil

## Contact Information

* Email:alexsandeep001@gmail.com


## Objective

* To get a job in a highly competitive work environment and master the skills pertaining to that industry and
* contribute to the growth of the organization and self.


## Professional Synopsis

* A competent professional with over 05 years of experience in the Finance sector.
* Presently working with Poonawalla fincorp as Senior operation Executive
* “* Working with Wheelsemi Pvt as Branch operation executive for 2 years
* Working with Bussan Auto Finance India Pvt as Credit executive for 2 years
* Hands on experience in Secured and Unsecured loans


## “* B.Com (2014-2017)

* “* Plus Two in HSE Commerce from St ignatious Kanjiramattom (2012-2014).
* “* Matriculation from GOVT HS Thiruvankulam (2011).


## Technical Awareness

* Good working knowledge in MS Office,Excel.
* “+ Operating System : windows 7,8,8.1,10,Linux.
* “+ Basic : MS OFFICE , Internet
* “* Web Programming > HTML


## Career Highlight

* POONAWALLA FINCORP LTD (Magma Fnncorp LTD) (MAR 2022 to till date
* e File verification and disbursement of ABF & Business loan
* e Checking credit norms
* e Internl audit clearing
--- Page Break ---
* e Cash handling and Maintaining registers
* e Follow up and updation of PDD documents within TAT
* e Preparation of Daily MIS for Cash, logins and disbursement
* WHEELSEMI PVT LTD (DEC 2019 to MAR 2022
* e Entire operations &administration activities of branch
* e Welcome calling and updation of asset delivery.
* e Customer service & lead generation.
* e Daily based checking & verification of day books and petty cash register.
* e RC stock confirmation to HO on daily basis.
* BUSSAN AUTO FINANCE INDIA PVT LTD (July 2017 to Nov 2019
* e Credit Scruitnising of Two Wheeler Loan and Personal Loan
* e Checking Quality of File
* e Monitored portfolio against possible risks.
* e Interpret documentation to make appropriate decisions
* e Recommend loan approvals or denials as well as limits


## Personal Details

* Father Name : Sunil Mathew
* Mother Name : Jaya Sunil
* Contact Address: : Christ for the world thiruvankulam po kottayathupara 682305
* Date of Birth: 21* june 1994


## Languages

* Email : alexsandeep001@gmail.com
* Mob : 9207593147,9961201475


## Declaration

* | hereby declare that the given above information are true to the best of my knowledge and belief and can be
* supported with reliable documents when needed.
* Place: COCHIN SANDEEP SUNIL
* Date: 10-07-2022

