# 2cvpeyush_14_9_2023_12_9_37_904

## Contact Information



## Peyush Rana

* House No.79 A, Street No.4, Mandeep nagar Ludhiana
* Mobile No 09915027609
* Email: Peyush_rana@ yahoo.com
* Seeking a career in a professionally managed organization where I can prove myself as an asset to the
* Organization.


## Professional Synopsis

* Currently working with HDFC Bank Ltd as Sales Manager, Work profile takes care of
* DSA & Branches for Home Loan from May-2022 to till date.
* Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd as Sales Manager, Work profile takes care of DSA &
* Branches for Home Loan from Oct-2021 to Apr-2022.
* Axis Bank Limited as Sales Manager, Work profile takes care of DSA & Branches for
* LAP from 19-Jun-2019 to 10-Oct-2021.
* Yes Bank Limited as Sales Manager, Work profile take care DSA & Branches for lap
* from 12- Feb-2019 to 16-Jun-2019
* Axis Bank Limited as Sales Manager, Work profile take care DSA & Branches for lap
* from 6- Sep-2017 to 10-Feb-2019


## Tata Capital

* TATA Capital Financial Services Limited as Relationship Manager in Emerging corporate working
* capital landing Work profile from 17- April-2017 to 05-Sep-2018


## Indiabulls Housing Finance Ltd

* Previously working with Indiabulls housing finance ltd as Relationship Manager in HL, LAP Work
* profile (Team Handling profile Handle 5 DST) from 23-Mar-2015 to 05- April-2017


## Reliance Capital Ltd

* Previously working with RELIANCE CAPITAL as Credit Officer(Login files, Preparing
* CAM,Disbursement of files & update Pdd ) from 5-Aug-2013 to 2 -Feb-15.
--- Page Break ---


## Icici Bank Ltd.

* Previously working with ICICI] BANK LTD as Credit Officer in the role of I process Work profile (Lo
* gin files, Preparing CAM, Disbursement of files & update Pdd ) from 01-Jul-2012 to 4 -Aug-13.


## Kotak Mahindra Prime Ltd

* From February-2011 to June-2012 with KOTAK MAHINDRA PRIME LTD in Credit as Credit Officer
* in New CAR Loan
* Key Result Areas
* Credit Management
* Appraising credit proposals & scrutinizing relevant documents before sanctioning / disbursing the
* credit, ensuring compliance with organizational credit policies.
* Undertaking regular monitoring of borrower accounts and maintaining an update on the
* developments in relevant industries.
* Team Management
* Identifying training needs across levels through mapping of skills required for different roles and
* analysis of the existing level of competencies.


## Education

* B.A. ; Punjab University Chandigarh
* M B A Finance ; Punjab technical university


## Skills

* = as Diploma in Computer Application


## Personal Details

* Date of Birth : 02-OCT-1985
* Father Name : Dharuv chand rana
--- Page Break ---
* Contact No. : 09915027609
* Marital Status : Married

