# Vikas Yadav

## Contact Information

* +91-9991205053 | vikastime@gmail.com


## Objective

* | look forward to work in an organization where | can apply my learning and Academic skills
* based on continuous evaluation and result oriented approach. | am seeking a challenging
* position with an organization that is rapidly expanding and offers good advancement potential.


## Present Employer

* Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd.
* At present working with Poonawalla Fincorp Itd. in Legal Department from March 2022.


## Roles & Responsibilities

* Deputy Legal Manager in Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd.
* e Looking after delinquent portfolio of Loan Against Property (NPA Cases). Reporting to State
* Legal Head (SLH). Maintaining Legal MIS.
* e Dealing in Surfaesi Act cases to receive Section 14 order.
* e Handling the repossess cases of property where we have order under Section 14.
* e Looking after delinquent portfolio of Commercial and personal Vehicle Loan (NPA Cases).
* e =To look up Arbitration Award Execution in Different Courts
* e Control agencies including/ Repo Agency / Valuation Agency/ Empaneled Advocates.
* e Co-ordinate with Collection department and arrange Lok Adalat
* e Co-ordinate with Collection department and arrange Conciliation Camp in Advocate Chamber
* & in Branch offices.
* e Areacovered Panipat, Karnal, Kaithal, Kurukshetra, Ambala, Yamuna Nagar, and other nearby
* area.
* e Toresolving cases against the company as quick as possible.
* e Controlling bucket flow cases and focus on NPA cases.
* e To attend Police stations for Execution of Section 9 of Arbitration Act and resolve criminal
* Page#1
* Sensitivity: Internal & Restricted
--- Page Break ---
* Vikas Yadav
* complaints.
* Joint legal visit with collection department on non-starters & NPA cases
* Tata Motors Finance Ltd.
* Worked with Tata Motors in Proactive Litigation Group (PLG) department from
* November 2019 till March 2022.
* Zonal Legal Officer in Tata Motors Finance Ltd.
* Looking after delinquent portfolio of Commercial and personal Vehicle Loan (Loss on sale
* Cases). Reporting to Regional Legal Head (RLH). Maintaining Legal MIS.
* Overall responsibility from filling to judgment of Section 138 of N.I. Act
* To look up Arbitration Award Execution in Different Courts
* Control agencies including/ Repo Agency / Valuation Agency/ Empaneled Advocates.
* Co-ordinate with Collection department and arrange Lok Adalat
* Co-ordinate with Collection department and arrange Conciliation Camp in Advocate Chamber
* & in Branch offices.
* Handled the portfolio of 200 Loss on Sale cases (Direct)
* Area covered Sonipat, Panipat, Karnal, Kaithal, Kurukshetra, Ambala, Yamuna Nagar, and
* other nearby area
* Collection of Commercial and Personal Vehicles of Loss on Sale cases.
* Conduction of weekly performance review and planning for Team members, formulating
* development plans
* To resolving cases against the company as quick as possible.
* Controlling bucket flow cases and focus on non-starters & NPA cases
* Ensuring legal guidelines are complied with while repossessing of products or During
* Arbitration process in TBR accounts.
* Co-ordinate with Collection department for legal notice against defaulter Customers. &
* appearance in court for legal cases.
* To attend Police stations for Execution of Section 9 of Arbitration Act and resolve criminal
* complaints.
* To resolve top critical cases/ Group cases of branches for each quarter as allocated
* Joint legal visit with collection department on non-starters & NPA cases.
* Page#2
* Sensitivity: Internal & Restricted
--- Page Break ---
* Vikas Yadav
* HDB Financial Services LTD.
* Worked in Collection Department from August 2018 till November 2019
* Collection Associate in HDB Financial Services
* Looking after delinquent portfolio of Commercial and Private Vehicle (Loss on sale Cases).
* Handle team Members in different locations.
* Handled the portfolio of 350 Loss on Sale cases.
* Area covered Karnal, Kurukshetra, Ambala, Panipat, Sonipat, Yamuna Nagar, Kaithal.
* Collection of Commercial and Private vehicle of Loss on Sale cases.
* To resolving cases against the company as quick as possible.
* Controlling bucket flow cases and focus on non-starters& NPA cases
* Joint visit with collection department on non-starters& NPA cases
* Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Co. Ltd.
* Worked in Legal Department from November 2014 till August 2018
* Senior Officer Legal in Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Co. Ltd
* e Looking after delinquent portfolio of Commercial and personal Vehicle Loan (Loss on sale
* Cases). Reporting to Area Legal Manager (ALM). Maintaining Legal MIS.
* Page#3
* Sensitivity: Internal & Restricted
--- Page Break ---
* Vikas Yadav
* Overall responsibility from filling to judgment of Section 138 of N.I. Act
* To look up Arbitration Award Execution in Different Courts
* Co-ordinate with Collection department and arrange Lok Adalat
* Co-ordinate with Collection department and arrange Conciliation Camp in Advocate
* Chamber & in Branch offices.
* Handled the portfolio of 200 Loss on Sale cases.
* Area covered Panipat, Karnal, Sonipat, Jind, Kaithal.
* Collection of Commercial and personal Vehicle of Loss on Sale cases.
* To resolving cases against the company as quick as possible.
* Controlling bucket flow cases and focus on non-starters & NPA cases
* Ensuring legal guidelines are complied with while repossessing the vehicles.
* Co-ordinate with Collection department for legal notice against defaulter Customers. &
* appearance in court for legal cases.
* e To attending Police stations for Execution of Section 9 of Arbitration Act and resolve
* criminal complaints.
* Joint legal visit with collection department on non-starters & NPA cases.
* Practice in District and Session Court Karnal.
* Practiced in District and Session court Karnal from September 2011 till October 2014
* e = Civil litigation
* e Commercial & Residential Property Law
* e Banking Law
* e Service Law
* e Labour & Industrial Law
* e Intellectual Property Rights
* e Dispute Resolution: Arbitration & Litigation
* e Consumer Protection Law


## Education

* Year Curriculum
* 2016 LL.M. Kurukshetra University
* 2011 LL.B. Kurukshetra University
* 2008 BA From Govt. PG Collage, Karnal
* 2005 Intermediate from Nirmal public school Karnal
* Page#4
* Sensitivity: Internal & Restricted
--- Page Break ---
* Vikas Yadav


## Personal Skill

* e Good Analytical and problem-solving skill.
* e Hardworking, Energetic, and determined on the assigned work.
* e Self-motivated and inventive.
* e Responsible, dedicated, and quick learner.
* e Good communication and organizational skill.
* e Strong ability to prioritize
* e Keen Knowledge of MS Word & Excel
* e Working Knowledge of Microsoft Windows 7 & 10


## Strength And Abilities

* A very Hard worker and fast learner with positive attitude in life; an achiever, can work
* well even under pressure, able to meet demanding deadlines.


## Personal Details

* Name : Vikas Yadav
* Marital Status : Married
* Gender : Male
* Date of Birth : 11 Oct 1986
* Email : vikastime@gmail.com.
* Phone Number _ : +91- 9991205053
* Address : House no-25, Street no. 7B Near
* Gurudwara, R K Puram Part-2,
* Karnal Haryana- 132001
* Page#5
* Sensitivity: Internal & Restricted
--- Page Break ---
* Sensitivity: Internal & Restricted

