# 30076_120_zishancv20222022111824

## Contact Information



## Mohammed Zishan Khan

* 12,Habib Colony Khajrana, Indore(M.P.)-452001
* @: +91 7974726613, 9407100777 DX: zishan.wox@gmail.com


## Objective

* To aspire and achieve a progressive knowledge, personal skill and wisdom. To channelize my hard earned
* progressive qualities to their best use in Legal field.


## Summary

* . Currently working with Poonawalla Fincorp from May 2022
* . Worked at Hinduja Housing Finance at Indore Location From May 2021 to May 2022. Responsible for routine
* legal to ensure compliance with Company's policies, internal control, procedure and applicable laws and
* regulations, Liaison with lawyers, Good knowledge of property related laws, Sound knowledge of drafting,
* vetting, all types of agreements, (including lease, leave & license) and other documents, Carrying out property
* due diligence, Well Conversant with Litigation.
* . Working with Tata Motor Finance Ltd. As Branch legal officer location at Indore from Aug-2018 to May 2021
* and Neemach. Expert in handling Sec.138 NIA and Execution petitions also includes Police complaints, co
* ordination with police and bailiffs.
* . Worked at Jana Small finance bank at Indore location as regional Legal Consultant since last From Oct.2017-
* Aug-2018. Having Indore and Ujjain region with 14 Branches including Indore, Ujjain, Dewas, Mhow, Pitampur,
* Khandwa, Khargone, Ratlam, Hatod, etc. Having team of 6 legal retainers working under my supervision for
* recoveries in small batches group loans.
* . Practiced as Junior Associate Advocate at the High Court of Delhi, Indore and Subordinate Courts at Indore ,
* from 2012 in the chamber Mr. Anil K Mittal at Supreme Court , Javed Ahmad Advocates in Delhi High Court,
* Advocate Vivek Singh in Indore High Court.
* . Worked as In House Advocate with Shanno Shagufta Khan ,since January 2015 to January 2017.
* . Practiced as Associate Advocate at the High Court of Delhi and Subordinate Courts at Tis Hajari and Saket Court
* and before Arbitrator Mr. Anil Mittal.
* Appreciations
* Appreciation from State Legal Manager Tata motor Finance for #Fostering Synergy with Team.
* Appreciation from Zonal Business Head Indore at Hinduja Housing Finance For Execution Excellence on Wall
* of Fame.
* Intra Debate Champion in 2021 at Hinduja Housing.
* Academic Credentials
* Graduate (B.A.LL.B.(Hons.) with 73.96 % from
* School of Law, Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya, Indore C.G.P.A 7.20.
* Intermediate 60% CBSE (2000).
* High School 66% M.P. BOARD (2003).
* 9
* %
* 9
* %
* 9
* %
* 9
* %


## Training

* ¢Done 15 days internship at State Consumeer Forum, Bhopal.
* [1]
--- Page Break ---
* 4. Done one month training in SHRC Forum, Bhopal..
* ¢Participated in Moot court, National Law College Hidiyatullaha Raipur as mooter in 4th year (2010)
* ¢ Participated in Moot court,in Sayaji Rao University School of law, Vadoara, Gujrat as mooter in 4th year (2010)
* Technical Expertise
* «* Well versed in utilizing MS Office Application including MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint,
* ,
* “* Proficient with internet operation/soft skill
* Extra-Curricular Activities
* Participated in college annual function ‘Axiom 06’ in Play, Volley Ball, Cricket
* Personal Dossier
* Date of Birth > 19% July 1987 References : Available on request


## Languages

* Father’s Name : Dr. M.H.Khan Marital Status : married

