# Curriculum Vintage

## Contact Information

* Email: sunny.kumar717.sk@gmail.com


## Objective

* A smart highly motivated, well presentable, well-spoken and persuasive, excellent,
* organizational, Inter-personal and communication skill well practiced in the principles of
* management by providing professional support. Activating team spirit among fellow workers
* and involving in teamwork.


## Synopsis

* > 12 years of Work Experience with various NBFC’S in the field of Collections.
* > An innate flair for accepting challenges and abilities in managing collection functions
* and achieving desired targets.
* > Aneffective communicator with strong analytical, interpersonal, problem-solving skills.


## Education

* > B.A(Bachelor of ARTS(GEOGRAPHY HONS) in year 2001 from VINOBA BHAVE


## University Hazaribagh

* > IA in year 1998 from B.LE.C (Patna)
* > 10 from B.S.E.B (Patna) in year 1996.


## Computer Proficiency

* > Knowledge of windows, Ms-Dos, Ms-office and Internet application.
--- Page Break ---


## Experience

* Organization - Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. (Previously Named as Magma Fincorp Ltd.)
* (01.09.2005 to Till date)
* Designation - Manager, Recovery (90+ Bucket)


## Responsibilities

* Allocation of cases to recovery executives on daily basis.
* Daily tracking & review of recovery executives.
* Co-ordination with legal department for execution of legal tools.
* Liaison with various Police Stations for execution of legal tools & repossession.
* Personal visit for high ticket size cases.
* Ensure proper networking in the region for smooth repossession process.
* Ensure maximum settlement subject to higher cash collection.
* Heading a team of seven recovery executives.


## Personal Information

* Father’s Name Sri Nand Kishore singh
* D.O.B 24 Feb. 1982
* Gender - Male
* Marital Status - Married.
* Nationality - Indian


## Languages

* Strength - Hard Working, Efficient & Laborious.
* Hobby - Travelling, Music and Playing Cricket.
* Declaration: I do hereby solemnly affirm declare that the information provided above are
* true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
* Date:-
* Place:- Hazaribagh

