# Resume

## Contact Information

* Phone: 9242162082
* E-Mail:ssundar934@gmail.com


## Experience

* 1. Centurion Bank Ltd. - A Well developed Ltd. Company deals with Banking &
* Vehicle Finance.
* Worked as DCA (Direct Collection Agent) from Jan 2003 to July-2005 and successfully
* leading the Recovery activities of the Company at Davangere branch.
* 2. Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd (Formerly known as Magma Fincorp Ltd). - A leading
* NBFC and a flagship group company of Magma & Poonawalla group, doing finances
* for Commercial Vehicles, Construction equipment, Cars, SME & HL.
* Working as Accounts & Branch Operation Manager from Aug-2005 to till date and
* successfully leading the Accounts, Operation & branch Admin activities of the
* Company at Davangere Branch.


## Job Responsibilities

* > Handling All Accounts,opsIT & Admin works at Branch :
* > Asa Branch Operation Manager
* Handling the operation activities for ABF /SME/HL


## Checking Files 

* KYC & other Docs in files


## Profile

* Credit Approvals & deviations
* Disbursement & PR rising, sending Credit files & Repayment Docs to HO
* PDD Collections & updations
--- Page Break ---
* > AsalIT Coordinator for the Branch, Managing the IT Assets .
* > As a Customer service officer developing good relationship with customer & approach them for
* refinance & new loan, full fill cross sell targets.


## Education

* B.Com. M.S.B College, Davangere


## Skills

* MS - Office, Tally 7.2, currently working in Oracle CCA ,FINONE,


## Hobbies

* Reading, Hearing music


## Personal Details

* NAME : Shyamsundar M T
* FATHER’S NAME : Late E Thippaiah


## Nationality : Indian

* MARITAL STATUS : Married
* PERMANENT ADDRESS : Shyam sundar M T s/o Late E Thippaiah,
* Sri Thipperudraswamy Swamy krupa,3™
* main, 13 Cross,vinoba nagar, Davangere-04


## Languages

--- Page Break ---
* To read : Kannada, English, Hindi
* To speak : Kannada, Hindi, English
* To write : Kannada, English, Hindi


## Declaration

* I, hereby acknowledge that the information provided above is true to the best of my knowledge.
* Yours faithfully,
* (Shyamsundar M T)

