# +91 99030 15182

## Contact Information

* babita.poddar734@gmail.com,


## Summary

* Babita is Legal person, currently associated with Poonawalla Fincorp Limited’ a finance company
* working as Deputy Manager - Legal, dealing with criminal cases initiated for recovery of dues from
* the defaulters, with 15+ years of rich and versatile experience in the field of civil and criminal cases.


## Skills

* e Finance industry
- To recover dues from the defaulters by initiating criminal proceedings under the
* Negotiable Instrument Act.
- Handling 80,000 NIA cases with a team of 4 Members, so that proper steps can be taken
* by implementing legal process for recovery or dues.
* e Legal Field
* Practicing Advocate since January 2000 to July 2007 in civil & criminal field.
* e Legal Consultancy
* e Documentation
* e Drafting
* e Contracts


## Education

* e MBA from Indian Institute of Foreign Trade, Kolkata (2013)
* e LL.M from Burdwan University , Burdwan (2004)
* e LL.B from Burdwan University , Burdwan (2000)
* e B.A Special (Economics) from University of Calcutta, Kolkata (1998)
* e B.A (Pass) from University of Calcutta, Kolkata (1992)
* e Higher Secondary (10+2) WBCHSE, Kolkata (1990)
* e Secondary (10 Std.) WBBSE, Kolkata (1988)


## Experience

* In 2008, one of my assigned cases (B.P.Agarwal) was in Evidence stage & the customer took finance
* from our company but was rigid not to pay the dues. We are the last person to recover the money &
* after giving Evidence the party came to our office & settles the case at Rs. 3500000.
--- Page Break ---


## G.S.Atwal & Ors

* In this matter Atwals were the very influential persons & reluctant to pay our dues. On the pressure
* of warrant, he again approached us & settle the case by paying an amount of Rs. 200000


## Projects

* In this year recovered Rs. 4 Crores by initiating criminal cases against them.
* Current CTC- 6.88 Lacs
* Dated - 20.11.22
* Kolkata BABITA PODDAR (Bose)

