# 6451_121_cvzaffar2022111616

## Contact Information



## Phone 9007-529988

* E-MAIL- zaffarniyazi@gmail.com
* Looking for a fulfilling career in an organisation, which is growing and would
* provide me enough opportunity to enhance my skills through knowledge
* enhancement.
* Process Oriented, fast learner and a self-motivator with strong interpersonal


## Experience

* January 2008 - till date.
* Magma Fincorp Ltd.- State Head — Recovery (Senior Manager)


## Responsibilities Include

* Collection Process: Monitoring the entire West Bengal 0-90 collections. Through
* effective monitoring, manpower placement & allocation, target setting, regular
* reviews.
* Monitoring Visit adherence of the FOs, and the Calling activities of the Tele-
* calling Unit.
* Branch Audit: Conducting Surprise Audits of the branches. Checking the Branch
* hygiene in terms of process adherence.
* Fraud Control: /nvestigating and escalating any frauds getting highlighted, to
* the fraud control unit.
* Training: /mparting training to the new joinees as well as conducting refresher


## Training

* Maintained close liaison with Fraud & Risk Department regarding Credit Card dues
* and Customer Service Department.
* Handled the overall portfolio for Non Metros like Jamshedpur, Ranchi, in the Eastern
* region liaising with the Collection Agencies of the respective locations.


## Achievements

* “ Best Team Leader Pan India, 2010.
* =» Best State Head — East, 2014.
* “ Best State Head in collection for continuous 3 Quarters Pan India, 2015.
* = Shining Star in Collection continuous for the last Quarter, 2018.
--- Page Break ---
* March 2006-January 2008
* CitiFinancial — (Officer — Credit & Risk Department )
* a Received an award for contribution to business-Collections, in the month of
* September’07.
* «# Qualified for a trip to Malaysia in the month of August’07, for outstanding
* performance in bkt-2.
* November 2003-February 2006
* H.D.F.C.Bank - (Officer - Debt -Management) - under ADFC payroll
* = Received an award for the best team, Year 2004-2005.
* July 2002-October 2003
* Standard Chartered Bank as a Trainee Officer- Customer Assistance (Credit Card
* Division)- under Agency payroll


## Responsibilities Included

* Handled bucket 1-3 of the PL portfolio, supervising two Collection Agencies.
* Tele-Calling for X-days and 30-dpd portfolios. (Credit Card- Collections).
* Trained the new joinees with the process of collection and providing overall system
* Tele-calling for X-days and 30-days Core and Non-Core portfolios.
--- Page Break ---


## Languages

* 2001
* M.A (Political Science)
* Rabindra Bharati University
* Secured Second Division (58%)
* 1997
* B.A. (Political Science Hons)
* University Of Calcutta.
* Secured Second Division (49%)
* 1994


## H.S.

* Maulana Azad College.
* Secured Second Division (52%)
* 1992


## Ilc.S.E.

* Grace Ling Liang High School
* Secured 1st Division (65%)
* =» Completed certified course in Computer Application from NIIT.
* English, Hindi, Bengali & Urdu.


## Nationality

* Indian


## Date Of Birth

* 25th February 1975.


## Marital Status

--- Page Break ---
* J Married |

