# 7145_120_resume2022112022

## Contact Information

* Rajib Sen, Contact @+91-9748898518, Email- rajivsen@yahoo.com


## Objective

* Intend to build a career in a leading organization with committed & dedicated people, which
* will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential. To utilize my analytical skills, in
* a position with potential growth opportunities. Willing to work as a key player ina
* challenging & creative environment.
* Strengths
* Ability to adapt to different work cultures; ability to defuse difficult situations & bring all
* around satisfaction while achieving job objectives. Diverse background in financial
* institutions. Motivating Team to outperform themselves. Grooming potential team members
* to next level.
* Current assignment
* 1 Working in Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd (formerly Magma Fincorp Ltd) since July 2008 as -
* Loan Servicing Manager based out of Corporate Office, Pune
* Job Responsibilities - Handing Loan Service activities post disbursal till run off across all
* Products like Used Car Loans, Unsecured Loans, LAP.
* Activities include - Customer communication and redressal of Customer requests, NOC
* issuance and blocking, NPA activity, Loan cancellation, Excess Refund, RTO letter dispatch.
* Prior Assignment
* Regional Operations and Service Head — Chhattisgarh based out of Raipur — since September 2018 till
* May’2022
* Prior posting - Regional Operations Head, Telangana — April 2018 to August 2018 based out of
* Hyderabad
* Job Responsibilities - Heading overall Operations, Customer Service and Cross Sell of the
* Region comprising of 16 branches. Responsible for overall Operational and Customer Service
* compliance of the Region by maintaining a stable Grading parameter.
* Job Description — Handling and managing Regional Operations, Decentralized Disbursals,
* Cash Management, Customer Service and Cross Sell, Admin issues at branches, new
* project/(s) and initiative launches, performing surprise audits at locations, strict compliance
* and adherence to laid down policies, Insurance operations for captive insurance, Control and
* reduction of market turnaround time, addressing Customer grievances within defined TAT
* and taking it to closure.
* Products Handled - Asset Based Finance (Car, CV, Construction Equipment, Tractor Loans) -
* currently Pre-Owned Cars, Mortgage loans & Unsecured Loans (BL, PL, LTP)
* Mortgage loans- Activities & job responsibility- Safe keeping of original property documents,
* Scanning of credit files and property documents, Dispatch of credit and legal Folders to
* respective hubs, PDD/OTC monitoring, Handover of Original document/(s) to customer and
* NOC issuance, Banking of IMD, pre-EMI & 1° Rental cheques.
* Operating Platform - Finn one CAS & LMS, Oracle environment (Oracle reports and forms)
--- Page Break ---
* Team Strength - Handling a team of 21 resources (3 Assistant Managers & 18 executives)
* Additional Responsibilities - Handling internal audits, addressing operational risks, new
* location launch within targeted timelines, resource recruitment and training, conducting
* periodic review among team, Root cause analysis of exceptions, servicing internal and
* external channels.
* Band- Manager


## Previous Role

* Magma Fincorp Limited Team Leader — West Bengal from July 2008 to March 2018
* Job Responsibility - Handled overall Operations of WB North territory comprising of 8
* branches.
* Job Description - Territory operations, Cash Management, Decentralized Disbursals, Customer
* service and Cross Sell, Admin Issues at branches, new project/(s) and initiative/(s) launches,
* Audits, Compliances to internal audit observations, insurance operations for captive
* insurance, Control and reduction of market turnaround time.
* Products Handled - Asset Based Finance (Car, Commercial Vehicles, Construction Equipment,
* Tractor), Mortgage loans & SME
* Mortgage loans- Activities & job responsibility- Banking of IMD & pre-EMI & 1st EMI cheques,
* Decentralized disbursals, safe keeping of original documents, Scanning of credit and legal
* documents, Dispatch of credit and legal file to respective hubs, PDD/OTC monitoring,
* Handover of Original document to customer and NOC issuance, audit clearance.
* Operating Platform - ORACLE environment (Oracle Reports and Forms)
* Team Strength - Handled a team of 11 resources
* Additional Responsibilities - Handling external audits, addressing operational risks, new
* location launch within targeted timelines, Resource recruitment and training.
* Band - Asst. Manager/Deputy Manager


## Previous Positions Held

* e Branch Credit Head - Magma Fincorp Ltd, Siliguri, West Bengal - May 2007 to March
* 2008
* e SBI Life Insurance Co. Ltd. - Unit Manager, Haldia, West Bengal - April to June, 2008
* e AJ Finance Pvt. Ltd. - Kolkata - Senior Executive - Marketing & Credit - May 2000 to
* May 2007
* e Karvy Consultants Ltd - Kolkata - Executive Marketing - 1998 to 2000


## Academics

* e B.Com - South City College - Calcutta University - 1993
* e Higher Secondary - South City College - WBBHSE - 1990
* e Secondary - South Point High School - 1988
* Family Background - Married with Wife and son


## Dob - 25/12/1969

--- Page Break ---
* Permanent Address — 10/20, J.N. Ghosh Road, Kasba, Kolkata — 700042
* DATE: 8" August 2022

