# Ram Sanjeevan Sen

## Contact Information

* Mobile : 09630082734, e-mail: ram_sen69@rediffmail.com, sen.rs@poonawallafincorp.com


## Summary

* Recently worked with POONAWALLA FINCORP LTD formerly Magma Fincorp Ltd. as Asst manager (team Leader 0-90bkt
* (Handling the collection Car,CV,CE, and tractor ) headed complete Branch collection of Finance cases 7 caros & 700
* contracts with two branches BHILAI & RAJNANDGAON .
* Already handled the large portfolio collection (nearly 7 caros & 1.2 contracts) for the MP-, covering 3 branches from 2™
* July-2008
* in MAGMA FINCORP Ltd. Satna, SAHDOL,CHATARPUR & 4 districts with outskirts against Car, Commercial vehicle,
* construction equipment, Tractor lone..
* % Enhancing normalization rates to ensure continued profitability of Business & improve processes to ensure
* efficiency in customer contact and recovery techniques.
* % coordinating between various personnel such as credit, operations and sales, to sort the exact problem occurring to
* Bring down the no. of cases in delinquency by using recovery tools like BKT management through Roll forward and Roll
* backward management ,repossession and Legal tools very efficiently
* % Monitoring and training the large team size of 15 members, about policies and processes, thereby ensuring the
* given targets in terms of Collection and Revenue efficiency.


## Role Change Dec-2015

* Demonstrated excellence in determining & formulating policies of collection and business strategies overall direction to collection
* with business growth at Branch and Regional Level. As a BRANCH MANAGER
* Deft in planning, directing and facilitating operations at highest level of management; developed competency in implementing
* strategies towards enhancing sales & EWI collection Efficacy and growth.
* handling the collection target set by the higher management for that includes areas with skills to remain on the due
* date & portfolio wise for various products.
* Wide spread knowledge and practice in multi branch functioning and operations, including devising & implementing policies &
* strategies, budget formulating, estimation & auditing, problem solving and enhancing financial controls.
* Enterprising Leader with ability to deal with people & customers across levels and from diverse backgrounds.
--- Page Break ---
* Career Path
* From Sep 2006 to June 2008 in E_nxt Financial services pvt.ltd. Associate of Tata Motors Finance Itd.
* As a CRE KHANDWA branch (INDORE )
* Role & Responsibilities
* % Administering the collection portfolio of CV,CE,CAR of 467crors ODPOSS with 1900 customer in 5 Districts with Branche
* of KHANDWA nimar region in Madhya Pradesh .
* % Handling the collection of customer with dealer DSA collection with branch and field ,by maintaining good relations & Monitoring
* the large size portfolio about policies and processes, thereby ensuring the given targets terms of collections development and ODI
* revenue collection management, also preparation of daily MIS for advances & collection, settlement of expired contracts to maintain
* the positive of branch .
* June-1998 to Aug-2006 in Kinetic Finance Ltd. PUNE Collection Department
* % Handling collection of 7 Branches Katni, Satna, Shahdol,Damoh,Umariya,Panna.
* % Handling the Retail & institutional collection of 3600 retail cases & 68 institutional cases through dealer point.
* % Maintained best relation with dealer & customer by providing best services and helping him to business growth.
* % Reviewing the collection strategies and plan’s regularly, handling executives / collection agencies / Repo
* to ensure that the collection.


## Achievements

* % Started Career in Kinetic Finance Ltd. -1998 as collection officer till March- 2001.
* % Promoted as Junior office in April-2001.
* % Promoted as Area branch collection In charge for 0 to NPA Bkt in 05 May-2004 to June-2006,


## Kolhapur, Aurangabad (M.H.)

* To handling the collection development activity & implementation with streamline recovery NPA & follow up on legal matters of
* two branch with includes 8 districts Jalgown,Nanded,Parbhani,Beed,jalna,ahmad nagar ,Satara.Sangli .
* Master of Social -1996, Awadesh Pratap Singh Vishwavidyalaya REWA (M.P)
* Expertise in: MS-Office, Oracle, internet and other data based software
* Based Location: BHILAI (CG)
* Date of Birth : 4 April 1969
--- Page Break ---

