# 8003_121_resume80032022111704

## Contact Information



## Syed Azhar Ali Madni

* E-mail ; azhar madni@ yahoo.com Mobile: +91-7869918991
* Mr. $.M.A. MADNI


## Profile

* e 25+years of experience in sales, planning and organizing. (Material Handling
* / Construction Equipment’s / CV, Banking & Finance — Asset Based Funding)
* e Currently working with Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. (Formally known as Magma
* Fincorp Ltd.) as State Head (Asset Liquidation Dept.)., Earlier worked as
* Regional Sales Manager (Construction Equipment & Commercial V ehicles
* Fin.) for Chhattisgarh State.
* e Worked with HDFC Bank as an Area Sales Manager (Infrastructure Fin.
* Group) for Vidarbha and Chhattisgarh.
* e Worked in dealership of Telco Construction Equipment Company Ltd.,
* (TATA-HITACHI) and Escort Construction Equipment Ltd.
* e Made good relationship with strategic / retail clients & Various CV / CE
* manufacturers / Dealers such as TATA, AL, JCB, Tata-Hitachi, L&T
* Komatsu, Volvo, Escorts, CASE, Eicher, Hyundai, Caterpillar/GMCCO etc.
* e Adapted myself with required Managerial qualities.
* e A dedicated professional with the drive to succeed, be it as an individual or as
* part of a team
* e Respected team members with excellent interpersonal skills, interact well with
* individuals from diverse population and at various professional levels


## Objective

* To makes a promising career in an organization where my smart work and dedication
* will escalate me the pinnacle of success while contributing to the growth of the
* organization.


## Experience

* Presently working with Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. (Formally known as Magma
* Fincorp Ltd.) as State Head (Asset Liquidation / Navrang Dept.) since Mar’15 based
* at Raipur, CG.
* Prior to Branch/SBU concept in Magma, as Regional Sales Manager (CE Finance)
* based at Raipur since Oct ’10 and later also got Responsibility of CV Fin. From
* Jan’2013 to Feb’15 for complete Chhattisgarh state


## Roles And Responsibilities

* Liquidation of reposes assets (CV, CE, Car & Tractor) in better price / to
* reduce company loss and also convert deal into Refinance business.
* Conducting & Managing Monthly Auction, Negotiation with Buyers for Price
* improvement for each Reposes A ssets
* Responsible for the CE & CV business development in Chhattisgarh state
* Handles team of Sales Executive, RM, DSA and ensure productivity
* To support & motivate team member by assuring achievement of target in
* their individual capacity.
* Analyze large deal & support credit team to understand the proposal in better
* way & also support other dept. like Collection, Operation.
* Oo COCO 0 OO
--- Page Break ---
* Worked in HDFC BANK, Nagpur as Area Sales Manager (Vidarbha and
* Chhattisgarh state) for Infrastructure Finance Group from Aug’07 to Sep’ 10.
* O Handles Chhattisgarh & Vidarbha region with a team of Relationship Manager
* (RM) & Sales Executives
* O Monitor each RM & other team member to achieve target in their individual
* capacity.
* O Maintain Good relationship with all leading Manufacture / Dealer / Clients.
* O Retain all strategic / retail Client by strong service support & also add new to
* increase business volume.
* O From CE funding also making strong relation by offering various product of
* our Bank like CASA, CMS, STL, LC, BG, WC limit.


## Achievements

* O Successfully exceeding the set CE business target years after year.
* O Received “Certificate of Achievement” for contribution towards Construction
* Equipment funding for the FY 2009-10.
* O Win internal competition and went abroad (SINGA PORE Trip)
* 0 Get confirmation on Oct’05 as an On roll employee of HDFC Bank Ltd. on
* the basis of last 2 years outstanding performance, Based at Raipur, CG till
* July’07, then promoted & transferred to Nagpur.
* Joined HDFC Bank Ltd. Raipur as sales officer - CE business (under the
* oayroll of HBL Global Pvt. Ltd.) from Nov’03 to Sep’05.
* O Successfully achieved the business targets in a very short period.
* O Effectively handled the Chhattisgarh CE business & promoted to On roll
* O Developed a strong relationship between the clients, manufactures and the
* company.
* Worked 2% years (April 2001 to Oct. 2003) in Dealership of Telco
* Construction Equipment Co. Ltd. (TATA-HITACHI) and WIPRO
* (Fluid Power Division) as Branch In charge, Raipur CG.
--- Page Break ---
* O Successfully handled area and given desired results.
* O Generated good spare parts business from private as well as from
* Institutional customer like BSP-Bhilai, SECL, ACC & other Cement
* Industries.
* Achieved sales figure with excellent after Sales service and Spare
* parts availability / support.
* Worked more than 4 years (Dec. 1996 to March 2001) for dealer of
* Escorts Construction Equipment Ltd. for their various material
* handling equipment and vibratory compactor as Sales & Service
* Engineer and achieved good sales figure with excellent after sales
* support


## Roles And Responsibiltttes

* O Responsible for the CE business development in Chhattisgarh state
* O To generate and identify the prospective clients (Retail as well as Strategic) in
* the region to increase market share.
* O Report to the RSM regarding the market developments.
* O To maintain TAT by closing the deals within the stipulated time frame.
* O Optimize customer satisfaction level by providing quality service.
* O Sale of money within policies, ensuring the quality of business.


## Roles And Responsibilittes

* O Finding the new prospects for Earthmoving / Construction Eqpt’s.
* O Motivating the customer in order to buy the Genuine Spares hence
* increasing sale of Spare parts and payment follow-up further.
* O Resolution of Customer complaints and monitoring customer
* satisfaction.
* O Product performance monitoring and watch on competitor’s
* activities.
* O Organizing sales meet and companying.
* O Tie-ups finance for the customers need.


## O

* MBA (Mkt. & Fin.) from Mats University, Raipur, CG in 2018
* Graduate (B. Com.) from Mats University, Raipur, CG in 2015
* Diploma in Mechanical Engineering (with 72% marks) from M.P.
* MS Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint) and other Internet applications


## Education

* Sr. Secondary Exam (Science group) Kendriya Vidyalaya Raipur,
* from C.B.S.E. Delhi in 1993.
* Computer Literacy


## Personal Details

* Name
* Father


## Languages

* Gender/Marital Status: Male / Married


## Dob

* Email
* 16" August 1973
* azhar_madni@ yahoo.com
* Contact no ; 7869918991
* Permanent Address : House No. D-182, Sector-1, Devendra Nagar,


## Place

* RA IPUR-492009 Chhattisgarh
* RAIPUR, CG. Date: 17 November 2022

