# Contact

## Contact Information

* bharatlamba33@gmail.com


## Skills

* Loans
* Team Management
* Business Development


## Languages

* Hindi
* Punjabi
* English
* Bharat Lamba
* Associate Vice President - Administration and Infrastructure
* (North & East Zone) at Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. Delhi


## Summary

* A competent professional with over 27 years of experience business
* development, profit centre operations, recovery management in the
* financial services sector. Currently associated with Poonawala Fin-
* Corp (Formerly Magma Fincorp Ltd.) Ltd as Zonal Head-corporate
* services . A proactive leader and planner with expertise in strategic
* planning, market plan execution account management, pre-sales
* efforts with skills in staffing, management reorganization and
* targeted marketing. Demonstrated skills in team supervision and
* relationship management as well as exceptional communication
* abilities to cut across the organizational levels and accomplish
* targets.
* Specialties: 1. Profit Centre Operations
* Conducting competitor analysis by keeping a breast of market
* trends and competitor moves to achieve market share metrics.
* 2. Business Development
* Driving sales initiatives achieving business goals & managing the
* frontline sales team .
* 3. Channel /Team Management
* Effective leadership developing channel partners for achieving
* business volumes consistently and profitably and motivating team for
* max productivity


## Experience

* Poonawalla Fincorp
* 27 years
* AVP -Zonal Head - Corporate Services
* September 1995 - Present (27 years)
* New Delhi, Delhi, India
- Showed excellent leadership for the overall administrative corporate services
* for the North Zone Branches by initiating various projects, work out budgets
* Page 1 of 2
--- Page Break ---
* and expansion plans for multiple departments (Housing Finance, Asset
* Business, Loan etc.) within the company.
- Met compliance and administrative demands of more than 70 offices in North
* India along with Facilities and Security for the Employees. Lead and motivated
* team from both internal and external stakeholder organisations
- Substantive contribution in cost control of up to 1 million dollars (by rental
* reductions during the lockdown period) and thus supporting business to
* increase the profitability.
- Brought laurels to the organization by regularly meeting the CSR goals of
* the company every year and promoted the companies in more than 50 press
* release.
* ZSM-SME Loans
* September 2007 - August 2012 (5 years)
* Established the SME products in North From Zero and took it to level of 10
* cr business per month and established stable sales team for successfull
* deliveries.
* Regional Manager - CV and Car Loans
* 2000 - 2007 (7 years)
* Handled Car and LCV product developed these products and given cent
* percent Results with quality portfolio.


## Education

* Delhi University
* Graduate - (1989 - 1991)
* Master of Business Administration - MBA - (2008 - 2010)
* Sikkim Manipal University of Health, Medical and Technological
* Sciences
* Dé! NGbdili Sool
* Page 2 of 2

