# Soumendra Rout

## Contact Information

* Tel: +91 8435003555
* Email id: soumen.rout@gmail.com


## Summary

* HR professional having experience of 18 years in the domain of Talent Acquisition, Business
* Partner, Generalist, Legal & Compliance, Employee Engagements, Exit management in BFSI
* sectors and products like Insurance, Finance, Mortgage, Vehicle, SME, Secured & unsecured,
* Personal Loans, Business Loans, Project Loans and Housing Loans.


## Experience

* Present Employer: Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. (From Apl’21 till date)
* Designation- Zonal HR
* Previous Employer- Magma Fincorp Ltd. (From Apl’12 till Mar’21)
* From 2012 to 2014- SBU HR (L)
* From 2014 to 2021- Regional HR
* Employer- Wreck Financials Ltd (A Startup Company)
* Designation- Chief Manager- HR & Projects (from Oct’09 to Mar’12)
* Employer: - Bharti-AXA Insurance Itd. (From July’07 to Sep'09)
* Designation: Business Partner-HR & Agency Development
* Employer- HDFC Insurance Ltd. (From Jun’06 to Jun’07)
* Designation- SDM
* Employer- PH Finance Ltd. (From Apl— 2004 to Jun- 2006)
* Designation: Business HR


## Products Handling

* Vehicles Loans
* SME Loan
* LAP Loan
* Housing Loan
* Personal Loan & Business Loans.


## Key Activities In Brief

* > Conducts weekly meeting with respective business units and address people related
* issues.
* > Trend and predictive analysis to develop solutions, programs and policies.
* > Manages and resolves complex employee relation issues and conducts effective,


## Objective

* > Coaching, counseling, career development and disciplinary actions.
--- Page Break ---
* > Works closely with managers and employees to improve work relationships, build
* morale, and increase productivity and retention.
* > Provides guidance and inputs on business unit structures, workforce planning and
* succession planning.
* > Identifies training needs for business units and individual executive coaching needs.
* > Talent acquisition and keeping budget intact.
* > Team management on “Hire to Retire”.
* > Employee Engagement, PMS, Exit management, Retention, compliance etc.
* > Implementation & streamlining of all HR programs and tech integrations.


## Products Handled

* e Automobile Financing (used segment)
* e Insurance services
* e Housing & SME, Business Loans
* e Insurance
--- Page Break ---
* e Investment Services


## Key Activities

* e Established the function from scratch in term of Admin & HR.
* e Incorporated all the HR policies, programs and SOPs.
* e Created & enhanced the work culture.
* e On boarded all staffs as per plan for business delivery.
* e Facilitated all departments as business partners
* e Cost center Head in terms of Recruitment and Admin activities.
* e To facilitate the Sales & Support teams with HR support to achieve organizational vision.
* e Anchoring Talent Acquisition activities in the entire zones to ensure timely delivery.
* e Ensuring maximum usage of available resources to deliver the assigned task within TAT.
* e Ensuring 100% compliance & process adherence for all Talent Acquisition activities.
* e Managing the complete employee life-cycle management for the Region.
* e Driving the initiatives for improved productivity, building capability and quality
* enhancement.
* e Managing complete employee life cycle.
* e Implementation of Motivational Schemes and Appreciation Programs.
* e Preparation of HR MIS Reports and make regular presentation to Top Management.


## Education

* MBA in HR, 2004.
* Bachelor of Commerce, 2002.


## Additional Information

* System/Tech Proficiency Trained in People Soft/HRMS, ERP and Oracle.
* Languages known English, Hindi & Some Regional languages
* Date of Birth 27" June, 1981.
* With Regards,
* Soumendra Rout

