# _resumeamansanghai_23_10_2024_15_38_43_186

## Contact Information



## Ama N Sa N G Hai +91 9932923109 Uw

* sanghai.aman@qmail.com


## Summary

* An MBA graduate (specialization in Finance) from Alliance University, Bangalore with around 5 years of working
* experience in Credit Assessment, Finance and Accounts, Portfolio management and Customer servicing. In order to
* grow with the organization, aspiring for a challenging role where my analytical, problem solving skills, experience in
* the field of Accounting and Finance can be utilized.


## Experience

* DI I (C] AMET e)
* Credit Manager
* Assistant Account
* Analyst
* Executive
* Sed
* HDFC Bank, Asansol
* DACS & Associates, Bhubaneswar
* Se TENURE
* HDFC Bank June’22—Aug’24
* DACS & Associates, Bhubaneswar Jan’19-— May’22
* AXA XL June’18 - Oct‘18
* Capita India Pvt. Ltd. June’16 - Feb‘18
* e Analysis of critical access, deviation and exceptions in IT processes in SAP system used by multiple clients.


## Work Description

* Conduct in-depth analysis of client’s financial statements and credit risk
* assessment to evaluate the financial stability and creditworthiness.
* Analyzing and interpreting company’s capabilities to service its debt
* obligation based on its past, current and future performance.
* Undertake sensitivity analysis encompassing industry insights
* andfinancial analysis of various Corporates/MSMEs.
* Calculated and analyzed various financial ratios from the company
* financials to examine whether they meet the minimum organization
* benchmarks.
* Structure the loan product according to client need and portfolio
* keeping business position, primary security and margins in
* consideration.
* Risk and portfolio management of accounts post on-
* boarding/disbursal and executerenewals/enhancement of existing
* accounts.
* Checking early warning signs of any potential stress in existing client
* portfolio and executing exit strategies in potential stress cases.
* Various Due Diligence checks such as Dedupe check, CIBIL check-
* Consumer and Commercial.
* e Analyzed monthly balance sheet accounts for reporting.
* Preparation of data books in accordance with firm and professional
* standards and in accordance with the requirements of the project.
* Generated financial statements and facilitated account closing
* procedures each month.
* Reconciliation of Balance Sheet and assisting in preparation of project
* reports for clients for availing Business loans.
* Analysis of financial statements with accounting supervisors and
* calculation of various financial ratios.
* Worked closely with account managers to identify billable services per
* contract.
* Meeting the deadlines for finalizing the books of accounts and
* resolving accounting queries of clients.
* Highlighting unusual trends observations and frame questions for
* management.
--- Page Break ---
* AXA XL, Bangalore
* Directly support AXA XL underwriters in Policy administration.
* e Support issuance of policy documents for the insured.
* Issue endorsements in case of any mid-term changes during the policy
* period.
* e Renewor decline policies as per the instructions from the
* underwriters.
* Capita India Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore Problem solving and decision making by analyzing information and
* evaluating results to optimize customer service and satisfaction.
* e Finding any discrepancies related with invoices and re-issuing
* final invoices.
* e Accounts Payable & Receivable — reviewing & managing account
* balances & monthly settlements periodically.
* Reporting — managing and maintaining: multiple reports, ad-hoc
* reports while identifying scope of any process improvement.
* Ensuring that the SLAs are met within stipulated turnaround time while
* adhering to quality guidelines.


## Qualification

* ee] 8] NS SERS RESULT
* Executive PGDM - Finance Alliance School of Business 69.2%
* B.Com ( Hons. ) University of Calcutta 50%
* Higher Secondary The A.G. Church School, Sodepur 84.42 %
* Secondary The A.G. Church School, Sodepur 86.14%


## Skills

* e Proficient in MS Office, familiar with GAAP, GAAS and basic knowledge of Power BI.


## Personal Details

* Interests : Playing Sports, Event Management, Travelling & Music.


## Languages

* Permanent Address : G.T. Road Neamatpur, Asansol, Dist — Paschim Burdwan-713359(WB).
* Relocation : Open to relocate.

